He died in 999 .
Gingerbread was brought to Europe in 992 by the Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis ( Gregory Makar ) ( Grégoire de Nicopolis ) .
It was the custom to bake white biscuits and paint them as window decorations .
During the 13th century , gingerbread was brought to Sweden by German immigrants .
It then referred to a confection made with honey and spices .
The first documented trade of gingerbread biscuits dates to the 17th century , where they were sold in monasteries , pharmacies and town square farmers ' markets .
He left Nicopolis Pompeii , to live in Bondaroy ( France ) , near the town of Pithiviers .
Originally , the term gingerbread ( from Latin zingiber via Old French gingebras ) referred to preserved ginger .
Early references from the Vadstena Abbey show how the Swedish nuns were baking gingerbread to ease indigestion in 1444 .
Under conditions of high humidity , the rate of evaporation of sweat from the skin decreases .
Frederick married Princess Victoria , eldest daughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom .
The son of a photocopier technician , he trained as a butcher , but became involved in graffiti during the great Bristol aerosol boom of the late 1980s . ''
The film was released in the UK on 5 March 2010 .
In January 2011 , he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary for the film .
Banksy 's first film , Exit Through the Gift Shop , billed as `` the world 's first street art disaster movie '' , made its debut at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival .
According to author and graphic designer Tristan Manco and the book Home Sweet Home , Banksy `` was born in 1974 and raised in Bristol , England .
Banksy 's work was made up of the Bristol underground scene which involved collaborations between artists and musicians .
Banksy does not sell photographs or reproductions of his street graffiti , however , art auctioneers have been known to attempt to sell his street art on location and leave the problem of its removal in the hands of the winning bidder .
His satirical street art and subversive epigrams combine dark humor with graffiti executed in a distinctive stencilling technique .
Known for his contempt for the government in labeling graffiti as vandalism , Banksy displays his art on publicly visible surfaces such as walls , even going as far as to build physical prop pieces .
Observers have noted that his style is similar to Blek le Rat , who began to work with stencils in 1981 in Paris .
Such artistic works of political and social commentary have been featured on streets , walls , and bridges of cities throughout the world .
Water flowing out of bogs has a characteristic brown color , which comes from dissolved peat tannins .
In general the low fertility and cool climate results in relatively slow plant growth , but decay is even slower owing to the saturated soil .
It is one of the four main types of wetlands .
Bogs have distinctive assemblages of plant and animal species and are of high importance for biodiversity , particularly in landscapes that are otherwise settled and farmed .
Bogs occur where the water at the ground surface is acidic and low in nutrients .
Large areas of landscape can be covered many metres deep in peat .
They are frequently covered in ericaceous shrubs rooted in the sphagnum moss and peat .
The gradual accumulation of decayed plant material in a bog functions as a carbon sink .
Other names for bogs include mire , quagmire and muskeg ; alkaline mires are called fens .
Hence peat accumulates .
A bog is a mire that accumulates peat , a deposit of dead plant material-often mosses , and in a majority of cases , sphagnum moss .
This is achieved by increasing the formation of adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) .
Creatine is not an essential nutrient , as it is manufactured in the human body from L-arginine , glycine , and L-methionine .
There are fewer other expatriates than in the larger centers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai .
Social and governmental infrastructure includes United Arab Emirates University , Higher Colleges of Technology , Abu Dhabi University ( Al Ain campus ) , well-equipped medical facilities including the teaching hospital at Tawam , military training areas and Al Ain International Airport .
Al - ` Ain is often called the ` Garden City of The Gulf ' given the many oases , parks , tree-lined avenues and decorative roundabouts within the city .
The dry desert air makes it a welcome retreat from the coastal humidity of the larger cities .
The city is home to the successful football club , Al Ain Club .
Other attractions include the Al Ain Oasis in the city center , other oases dotted around the area - all cool retreats in the middle of the summer heat - Al Ain Zoo , an amusement park named `` Hili Fun City '' , many well-maintained parks popular with families in the summer evenings , and a heritage village .
Al Ain ( Arabic : العين , al-ʿayn , literally The Spring ) , also known as the Garden City due to its greenery , is the second largest city in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and the fourth largest city in the United Arab Emirates .
Jebel Hafeet , a 1340-metre-high mountain , dominates the surrounding area .
Al - ` Ain is located in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , inland on the border with ` Oman .
Al - ` Ain has a higher proportion of Emirati nationals than elsewhere in the country , but the majority of its residents are expatriates particularly from the Indian sub-continent .
This performance won Tallari the ` Best Newcomer ' award at the 2008 Man of Ice Awards and ensured his selection for the 2007-08 EIHL All-Star team .
Tallari moved to the Hartford Wolf Pack , the farm team for the New York Rangers .
In 2001 Tallari began his career playing for Niagara University where he was team 's senior captain .
Joe Tallari ( born October 5 , 1980 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player .
He then moved to Europe , signing with the Manchester Phoenix in the summer of 2007 to play under Tony Hand .
On 7 May 2009 he left Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria and signed a contract with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm .
In April 2008 it was announced that Tallari would leave Manchester to sign for the Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria to try to qualify for the Italian national team .
He stayed for just one season before moving to the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL , where he topped the 50 point margin .
Over the following three seasons , Tallari switched between teams in the ECHL and the AHL , with stints at the Cleveland Barons , the Bridgeport Sound Tigers ( on two occasions ) and the Las Vegas Wranglers .
Tallari had an outstanding season in Manchester , finishing as the EIHL 's second highest goal scorer , managing 55 goals and 38 assists in 59 games .
For example , A0 denotes the hottest stars in the A class and A9 denotes the coolest ones .
The Sun is classified as G2 .
Notes : The spectral classes O through Y are subdivided by Arabic numerals ( 0-9 ) , which can be further divided into half-subtypes .
This is essentially the modern form of the Harvard classification system .
Main-sequence stars vary in surface temperature from approximately 2,000 to 50,000 K , whereas more-evolved stars can have temperatures above 100,000 K. Physically , the classes indicate the temperature of the star 's atmosphere and are normally listed from hottest to coldest , as is done in the following table .
Class K stars are orangish stars that are slightly cooler than the Sun .
If you are here because this happened to you , there are two possibilities .
While some users can use them to circumvent censorship or filters , they have been used far too many times by far too many blocked vandals for Wikipedians to assume good faith on their part .
While it is possible to request a change in username , this takes a little longer and requires that a user with bureaucrat access do so .
These messages should include the names or abbreviations of those of our site rules ( the `` policies and guidelines '' ) that the blocking administrator believes you have violated .
Whichever method you choose , it is a good idea to have some review of the proposed new username first , to avoid ending up in the same quandary .
This includes Tor nodes .
If you are improperly blocked for sockpuppetry , you should realize that it may not always be easy or even possible to correct the situation .
Users confirmed or believed to have engaged in the practice must request unblock at their main account .
Most administrators consider such an unblock request a sure sign of a sock account ( particularly one with very few edits otherwise ) and will decline on that basis .
Most such accounts are soft-blocked , meaning a new account may be created while the old one is blocked .
It may help with your unblock request if you understand how they are reviewed , and by whom .
First , the blocking administrator provides a brief reason that you will see when you try to make an edit .
Second , the administrator may leave a message explaining your block on your user talk page .
Accusations of sockpuppetry result in many blocks and almost as many unblock requests , as Wikipedia policy calls for the sockpuppet account to be blocked indefinitely and the sockpuppeteer to be blocked for some length of time ( possibly also indefinitely ) .
This is done because it is the account name , not the behavior of the person behind it , which is the problem .
You should also review the blocking policy .
Before you make an unblock request , you should attentively read the policies and guidelines named in your block reason .
An account with a username that uses hateful or obscene language or otherwise indicates disruptive or provocative intent will be hard blocked , meaning that an unblock request will be required .
If your server has been blocked as an open proxy , you will probably need to edit via another connection : in most cases , proxies are `` hard blocked '' , which prevents even logged-in users from using the connection to edit .
Reviewing admins will usually defer to the blocking admin in a sockpuppetry-based block , especially if the sock account has minimal edits .
Meatpuppets will be blocked indefinitely , too ... do n't edit on behalf of someone else , no matter how well you may know them .
To effectively contest your block , you must understand the reason for it .
Wikipedia policy on open proxies is clear : editing through them is blocked without exception once identified .
Accounts with usernames that do not conform to the username policy are often blocked indefinitely , regardless of their editing behavior .
Also , if the reviewing administrator concludes that the block was justified , you will not be unblocked unless the reviewing administrator is convinced that you understand what you are blocked for , and that you will not do it again .
Do n't forget to insert your own reason to replace `` Insert your reason to be unblocked here '' .
Wikipedia admins can never be absolutely sure about sockpuppetry , and the most abusive users can be very devious in attempting to evade detection .
Even without the use of the Checkuser tool , or with a result of `` unrelated '' , an account that makes the same edits as a different blocked account , has the same linguistic peculiarities and the same general interests may remain blocked under the `` quacks like a duck '' test .
You , as a blocked editor , are responsible for convincing administrators : It also helps to clearly state your reasons for requesting an unblock because : To make an unblock request , copy the following text to the bottom of your user talk page : -LCB- -LCB- unblock  1 = Insert your reason to be unblocked here -RCB- -RCB- .
This is a guide to making unblock requests .
If you state in your request that the edits which led to your block were made by someone else ( for example , your little brother ) who accessed your account without your knowledge or permission , we will have to leave it blocked .
The Arbitration Committee has explained the procedure to be followed with respect to the review of blocks based on CheckUser data as follows : Do not make an unblock request that includes a request for checkuser to `` prove your innocence '' ... as indicated at Sockpuppet investigations those are so rarely done that you 're better off not asking ( besides , it is difficult to use it to prove that two editors are different people ) .
Occasionally readers who have never or rarely edited before , or not from that location , with no intention of registering an account , click on edit only to find that editing from their IP address is blocked , for something they did n't do .
As a user requesting to be unblocked , it is your responsibility to explain why you believe your block violates Wikipedia 's blocking policy or should otherwise be reversed .
Users may be blocked from editing by Wikipedia administrators to prevent damage or disruption to Wikipedia .
Blocks are lifted if they are not ( or no longer ) necessary to prevent such damage or disruption .
You are informed about the block reason in two ways .
They are usually one or more from among the following : vandalism , sockpuppetry , edit warring , violating the three-revert rule , spamming , editing with a conflict of interest or having a prohibited username .
The Eugène Boudin Prize is an award given by the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts .
In 1835 the family moved to Le Havre , where Boudin 's father opened a store for stationery and picture frames .
Eugène Louis Boudin ( French : ( budɛ̃ ) ; 12 July 1824 - 8 August 1898 ) was one of the first French landscape painters to paint outdoors .
The Angara rocket family is a family of space-launch vehicles being developed by the Moscow-based Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center .
A single launch pad can be used for launching all Angara versions except Angara A7 .
All Angara launch vehicles have a modular design with each module based on a common Universal Rocket Module ( URM ) .
The Angara 1.1 version was expected to be completed first ; its first launch was scheduled to take place in 2013 from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome .
His masterpiece is the Selimiye Mosque in Edirne , although his most famous work is the Suleiman Mosque in Istanbul .
Koca Mi 'm âr Sinân Âğâ ( Ottoman Turkish : معمار سينان ; Modern Turkish : Mimar Sinan , pronounced ( miːˈmaːɾ siˈnan ) ) ( c. 1489\/1490 - July 17 , 1588 ) was the chief Ottoman architect ( Turkish : `` Mimar '' ) and civil engineer for sultans Suleiman the Magnificent , Selim II , and Murad III .
The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 American science fiction action film and the second installment in The Matrix trilogy , written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers .
Neo meets a program called the Architect , the Matrix 's creator .
The awarding of the Order is administered by the Decoration Bureau of Office of the Prime Minister .
The Order of the Rising Sun ( 旭日章 , Kyokujitsu-shō ? )
Since then , it has been awarded in six classes .
The Order was the first national decoration awarded by the Japanese Government , created on 10 April 1875 by decree of the Council of State .
is a Japanese order , established in 1875 by Emperor Meiji of Japan .
It is awarded in the name of the Emperor and can be awarded posthumously .
The Order was awarded in nine classes until 2003 , when the Grand Cordon with Paulownia Flowers was made a separate order , and the lowest two classes were abolished .
The modern version of this honor has been conferred on non-Japanese recipients beginning in 1981 ( although several foreigners were given the honor before World War II ) ; and women were awarded the Order starting in 2003 ( previously , women were awarded the Order of the Precious Crown ) .
They called this object Teide 1 and it was found in the Pleiades open cluster .
The discovery of deuterium-burning down to 0.012 solar masses and the impact of dust formation in the cool outer atmospheres of brown dwarfs in the late 1980s brought these theories into question .
This discovery helped to establish yet another spectral class even cooler than L dwarfs , known as `` T dwarfs '' , for which Gliese 229B is the prototype .
Remarkably , its near-infrared spectrum clearly exhibited a methane absorption band at 2 micrometres , a feature that had previously only been observed in the atmospheres of giant planets and that of Saturn 's moon Titan .
Soon after the discovery of GD 165B , other brown-dwarf candidates were reported .
Although the discovery of the coolest dwarf was highly significant at the time , it was debated whether GD 165B would be classified as a brown dwarf or simply a very-low-mass star , because observationally it is very difficult to distinguish between the two .
Today , GD 165B is recognized as the prototype of a class of objects now called `` L dwarfs '' .
Most failed to live up to their candidacy , however , because the absence of lithium showed them to be stellar objects .
Alternative names for brown dwarfs have been proposed , including planetar and substar .
Their strongest emissions are in the infrared ( IR ) spectrum , and ground-based IR detectors were too imprecise at that time to readily identify any brown dwarfs .
However , such objects were hard to find because they emit almost no visible light .
Nature highlighted `` Brown dwarfs discovered , official '' in the front page of that issue .
In theory , a brown dwarf below 65 Jupiter masses is unable to burn lithium by thermonuclear fusion at any time during its evolution .
The distance , chemical composition , and age of Teide 1 could be established because of its membership in the young Pleiades star cluster .
For some time , Teide 1 was the smallest known object outside the Solar System that had been identified by direct observation .
Brown dwarfs heavier than about 13 MJ are thought to fuse deuterium and those above ~ 65 MJ , fuse lithium as well .
Since then , over 1,800 brown dwarfs have been identified , even some very close to Earth like Epsilon Indi Ba and Bb , a pair of brown dwarfs gravitationally bound to a sunlike star around 12 light-years from the Sun , and Luhman 16 , a binary system of brown dwarfs about 6.5 light-years away .
For many years , efforts to discover brown dwarfs were fruitless .
They occupy the mass range between the heaviest gas giants and the lightest stars , with an upper limit around 75 to 80 Jupiter masses ( MJ ) .
High-quality spectral data acquired by the Keck 1 telescope in November 1995 showed that Teide 1 had kept the initial lithium amount of the original molecular cloud from which Pleiades stars formed , proving the lack of thermonuclear fusion in its core .
In 1995 , the study of brown dwarfs changed substantially with the discovery of two incontrovertible substellar objects ( Teide 1 and Gliese 229B ) , which were identified by the presence of the 670.8 nm lithium line .
Nonetheless , one school of thought is based on formation ; another , on physics in the interior .
The spectrum of the companion GD 165B was very red and enigmatic , showing none of the features expected of a low-mass red dwarf star .
The difference between a very-low-mass brown dwarf and a giant planet ( ~ 13 Jupiter masses ) has been recently debated .
Early theories concerning the nature of the lowest-mass stars and the hydrogen-burning limit suggested that a Population I object with a mass less than 0.07 solar masses or a Population II object less than 0.09 solar masses would never go through normal stellar evolution and would become a completely degenerate star ( Kumar 1963 ) .
What became known as brown dwarfs were theorized to exist in the 1960s .
True stars burn their lithium within a little over 100 Myr , whereas brown dwarfs ( which can , confusingly , have temperatures and luminosities similar to true stars ) will not .
At a distance of about 6.5 light years , the nearest known brown dwarf is Luhman 16 , a binary system of brown dwarfs discovered in 2013 .
In other words , the detection of lithium in the atmosphere of a candidate object ensures that , as long as it is older than the relatively young age of 100 Myr , it is a brown dwarf .
The most notable of these objects was the latter , which was found to have a temperature and luminosity well below the stellar range .
About a Girl is a Canadian comedy series which premiered on October 5 , 2007 on The N in the U.S. and Global in Canada .
It was the first scripted comedy for The N. The series ended with 13 episodes in its only season .
It is known from a well preserved partial skeleton that includes four long feathers on the tail , composed of a central rachis and vanes .
Zhang et al. suggest that unless Epidexipteryx evolved from flying ancestors and subsequently lost its wings , this may indicate that advanced display feathers on the tail may have predated flying or gliding flight .
It had teeth only in the front of the jaws , with unusually long front teeth angled forward , a feature only seen in Masiakasaurus among other theropods .
In all , the skeleton of Epidexipteryx hui measures 25 centimeters ( 10 inches ) in length ( 44.5 cm or 17.5 in including the incomplete tail feathers ) , and the authors estimated a weight of 164 grams , smaller than most other basal avialans .
The tail of Epidexipteryx also bore unusual vertebrae towards the tip which resembled the feather-anchoring pygostyle of modern birds and some oviraptorosaurs .
Epidexipteryx represents the earliest known example of ornamental feathers in the fossil record .
Epidexipteryx also preserved a covering of simpler body feathers , composed of parallel barbs as in more primitive feathered dinosaurs .
However , unlike in modern-style rectrices ( tail feathers ) , the vanes were not branched into individual filaments but made up of a single ribbon-like sheet .
It has been reported to be a maniraptoran dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic or Upper Jurassic age Daohugou Beds of Inner Mongolia , China ( about 160 or 168 mya ) .
Epidexipteryx ( `` display feather '' ) is a genus of small paravian dinosaur , known from one fossil specimen in the collection of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology in Beijing .
However , the body feathers of Epidexipteryx are unique in that some appear to arise from a `` membranous structure '' at the base of each feather .
The skull of Epidexipteryx is also unique in a number of features , and bears an overall similarity to the skull of Sapeornis , oviraptorosaurs and , to a lesser extent , therizinosauroids .
Epidexipteryx appears to have lacked remiges ( wing feathers ) , and it likely could not fly .
Germany also hosted the Summer Olympics the same year in Berlin .
The 1936 Winter Olympics , officially known as the IV Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les IVes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1936 in the market town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria , Germany .
Afterwards large parts belonged to the duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin , a small portion to the duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz ( see Mecklenburg ) .
The district of Güstrow was established in 1994 by merging the former districts of Güstrow , Teterow and Bützow .
From 1621 to 1695 the present-day district was occupied by the small duchy of Mecklenburg-Güstrow .
He was taken to a police station , where he would write a name : Kaspar Hauser .
Kaspar Hauser ( 30 April 1812 ( ? )
On such occasions , when he awakened , his straw was changed and his hair and nails were cut .
The letter stated that the boy would now like to be a cavalryman `` as his father was '' and invited the captain either to take him in or to hang him .
The following year , she played the teenage daughter of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis in True Lies .
She appeared in the Simple Plan music video , `` I 'm Just a Kid '' , as the band 's love interest , as well as Nickelback 's video for `` Rockstar '' .
Variety announced on August 2 , 2006 , that Dushku would co-star with Macaulay Culkin in Sex and Breakfast , a dark comedy written and directed by Miles Brandman .
The movie was released in Los Angeles on November 30 , 2007 , and on DVD on January 22 , 2008 .
The same year , Kevin Smith invited Dushku to be a part of Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back .
Repentant and rededicated , Faith returned as a heroine in other episodes of Angel and in the last five episodes of Buffy .
Starting that same year , she starred in a new Fox TV series , Tru Calling , where she played the main character , medical student Tru Davies .
In 1993 , Dushku landed a role as Pearl alongside Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio in This Boy 's Life , a role that she said opened a lot of doors .
She had parts as Paul Reiser 's daughter in Bye Bye Love , as Cindy Johnson in Race the Sun , and roles in a television movie and a short film .
After completing high school , Dushku returned to acting with the role of Faith on Buffy the Vampire Slayer , a Slayer much more troubled than the main character Buffy Summers .
In 2003 , Dushku starred in the horror film Wrong Turn and The Kiss , an independent comedy-drama .
She starred in Open Graves , a 2008 horror-thriller about a satanic game co-starring Mike Vogel .
Dushku 's father is an Albanian from the city of Korçë and her mother is of Danish and English descent .
She played the main character in The Thacker Case and The Alphabet Killer , both thrillers based on real-life events , one of them directed by Rob Schmidt with whom she had worked on Wrong Turn .
After having a grant pulled out from under her , Tru is forced to take a job at a local morgue where she discovers her power to `` re-live '' the previous day over again if one of the deceased asks for her help to change what has happened .
Though initially planned as a five-episode role , the character became so popular that she stayed on for the whole third season and returned for a two-part appearance in season four , after which the remainder of her original story arc was played out as part of the first season of the Buffy spin-off series Angel .
Subsequently , it was announced on October 31 that Dushku had lured Joss Whedon , of Buffy The Vampire Slayer , back to TV , as they agreed to create a show called Dollhouse .
She followed that up with Soul Survivors , reuniting her with Race The Sun co-star Casey Affleck .
Dushku has had roles in five video games .
La India covered the song on her album , Sobre el Fuego as her third single from the album .
The original version of `` Costumbres '' was recorded for Selena 's hit album Dulce Amor in 1988 and was later included on Siempre Selena in a remix version .
The ` small casinos ' will have a minimum customer area of 750 sq metres , up to 80 slot machines and a jackpot of # 4000 .
Definitions have been determined such that the ` super casino ' will have a minimum customer area of 5000 square metres and at most 1250 unlimited-jackpot slot machines .
Under the terms of the Gambling Act the Secretary of State is able to define each type of casino , with reference to any matter he or she chooses ; although the act specifically mentions as facts to consider the number , location and concentration of gaming tables , and the floor area designated for a specific purpose .
Amongst the most controversial provisions was the establishment of a number of ` destination casinos ' in the style of Las Vegas , commonly referred to in the media as ` super casinos ' Initial drafts of the act proposed eight regional casinos but concerns expressed in the national media and by a range of addiction related social and religious groups meant that the final revision of the act permitted only one casino of the largest size , referred to as a ` regional casino ' , with a further eight ` large ' and eight ` small ' casinos of a smaller sizes and with reduced jackpot limits .
In May 2006 , a short-list of eight sites , selected from various ones submitted by local councils , was announced for the location of the regional casino .
However , the Blackpool bid organisers pledged to continue the work in getting government approval for a ` supercasino ' .
` Large casinos ' will have a minimum area of 1000 square metres and up to 150 slot machines with a maximum jackpot of # 4000 .
The Gambling Act 2005 revised many regulations relating to gambling in England .
Customers were required to register twenty-four hours prior to gaming .
A regional casino , more commonly known as a super casino ( or occasionally known as mega casino or other variants ) , is the term given to the largest category of casino that was to have been permitted under UK law - equivalent in size to the larger casinos in Las Vegas .
Prior to the act there were 140 casinos in the UK , the largest of which in Star City , Birmingham had a floor area of around 950 square metres ( 10,200 sq ft ) .
Sites rejected at this shortlisting phase included : On 30 January 2007 it was announced that the first regional casino would be built in East Manchester near the City of Manchester Stadium .
This was regarded as a shock to the Blackpool and The O2 ( formerly the Millennium Dome ) bids , both of whom were regarded as the favorites .
The first regional casino was initially proposed to be in the City of Manchester , but this has since been scrapped by the UK government soon after Gordon Brown became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
John Herbert `` Jackie '' Gleason ( February 26 , 1916 - June 24 , 1987 ) was an American comedian , actor and musician .
Among his notable film roles were Minnesota Fats in the 1961 drama The Hustler ( starring Paul Newman ) and Buford T. Justice in the Smokey and the Bandit series .
An HCL usually consists of a glass tube containing a cathode , an anode , and a buffer gas ( usually a noble gas ) .
He played 502 career NHL games , scoring 185 goals and 159 assists for 344 points .
Stewart died on November 18 , 2010 , in a hospital in Burlington , Ontario , at the age of 87 .
James Gaye Stewart ( June 28 , 1923 - November 18 , 2010 ) was a professional ice hockey forward .
In all , Gaye Stewart played for five of the NHL 's Original Six teams , all except the Boston Bruins .
After spending two years in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II , Stewart returned to the NHL in 1945 and had his best season , leading the league with 37 goals - the last time a Leaf led the League in goals .
He played nine seasons as a right winger in the National Hockey League .
He became the first player to win the Stanley Cup before the Calder .
The next season , Stewart won the 1942-43 Calder Memorial Trophy , beating out Maurice ` The Rocket ' Richard of the Montreal Canadiens .
Danny Grant , Tony Esposito and Ken Dryden have accomplished the feat since then .
Stewart won his second Stanley Cup , again with the Maple Leafs , in 1946-47 .
Born in Fort William , Ontario , Stewart was called from the minors in 1942 to play in one game of the Stanley Cup Finals , where he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup .
Toronto traded Stewart to Chicago early in the 1947-48 season in a deal that brought Max Bentley to the Leafs .
His use of Russian language formed the basis of the style of novelists Ivan Turgenev , Ivan Goncharov , and Leo Tolstoy , as well as that of subsequent lyric poets such as Mikhail Lermontov .
Vertical distance measurements in the `` down '' direction are commonly referred to as depth .
At high altitude , atmospheric pressure is lower than that at sea level .
This climate dramatically affects the ecology at high altitude .
However , people living at higher elevations have a statistically significant higher rate of suicide .
The lack of oxygen above 2,400 metres ( 8,000 ft ) can cause serious illnesses such as altitude sickness , high altitude pulmonary edema , and high altitude cerebral edema .
High altitude is sometimes defined to begin at 2,400 metres ( 8,000 ft ) above sea level .
Medicine recognizes that altitudes above 1,500 metres ( 4,900 ft ) start to affect humans , and there is no record of humans living at extreme altitudes above 5,500-6 ,000 metres ( 18,000-19 ,700 ft ) for more than two years .
There are several types of aviation altitude : These types of altitude can be explained more simply as various ways of measuring the altitude : The Earth 's atmosphere is divided into several altitude regions : Regions on the Earth 's surface ( or in its atmosphere ) that are high above mean sea level are referred to as high altitude .
Thus , high altitude air is cold , which causes a characteristic alpine climate .
Aviation altitude is measured using either Mean Sea Level ( MSL ) or local ground level ( Above Ground Level , or AGL ) as the reference datum .
This is due to two competing physical effects : gravity , which causes the air to be as close as possible to the ground ; and the heat content of the air , which causes the molecules to bounce off each other and expand .
On the flight deck , the definitive instrument for measuring altitude is the pressure altimeter , which is an aneroid barometer with a front face indicating distance ( feet or metres ) instead of atmospheric pressure .
The human body can adapt to high altitude by breathing faster , having a higher heart rate , and adjusting its blood chemistry .
It can take days or weeks to adapt to high altitude .
Because of the lower pressure , the air expands as it rises , which causes it to cool .
Although the term altitude is commonly used to mean the height above sea level of a location , in geography the term elevation is often preferred for this usage .
The statuette given , a nude male figure holding both a mask of comedy and a mask of tragedy , is called `` The Actor '' .
SAG Awards have been one of the major awards events in Hollywood since 1995 .
The second SAG awards aired live from the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium , while subsequent awards have been held at the Shrine Exposition Center .
The inaugural SAG Awards aired live on February 25 , 1995 from Stage 12 , Universal Studios .
It is 16 inches ( 41 cm ) tall , weighs over 12 pounds ( 5.4 kg ) , is cast in solid bronze , and produced by the American Fine Arts Foundry in Burbank , California .
The Screen Actors Guild Award ( also known as the SAG Award ) is an accolade given by the Screen Actors Guild‐American Federation of Television and Radio Artists ( SAG-AFTRA ) to recognize outstanding performances in film and primetime television .
Nominations for the awards come from two committees , one for film and one for television , each numbering 2100 members of the union , randomly selected anew each year , with the full membership ( 165,000 as of 2012 ) available to vote for the winners .
In 1708 , Peter the Great gave the estate to his wife , the future Empress Catherine I , as a present .
In the 17th century , the estate belonged to a Swedish noble .
It was Catherine I who started to develop the place as a royal country residence .
By the end of the 18th century , Tsarskoye Selo became a popular place of summer residence among the nobility .
It is now part of the town of Pushkin and of the World Heritage Site Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments .
Later Empress Catherine II of Russia and her architect Charles Cameron extended the palace building that is now known as the Cameron Gallery .
On September 17 , 1941 , the Germans occupied the town of Pushkin , destroying and plundering many historical monuments , buildings and other cultural artifacts , including the famous Amber Room .
2 ( Two ; i \/ ˈtuː \/ ) is a number , numeral , and glyph .
The square root of 2 was the first known irrational number .
If it is even , then the whole number is even .
Two and three are the only two consecutive prime numbers .
The number two has many properties in mathematics .
Two also has the unique property such that and also for a not equal to zero The number of domino tilings of a 2 × 2 checkerboard is 2 .
Two is the smallest and the first prime number , and the only even prime number ( for this reason it is sometimes called `` the oddest prime '' ) .
Two is the base of the simplest numeral system in which natural numbers can be written concisely , being the length of the number a logarithm of the value of the number ( whereas in base 1 the length of the number is the value of the number itself ) ; the binary system is used in computers .
Harju County ( Estonian : Harju maakond ) , or Harjumaa ( German : Harrien , Latin : Harria ) is one of the 15 counties of Estonia .
Mercuric chloride is occasionally used to form an amalgam with metals , such as aluminium .
This regional parliament or legislature then elects the premier and confirms the cabinet members .
The largest river in the state is the Rhine River , which forms the border with Baden-Württemberg and Hesse in the southeast before flowing through the northern part of Rhineland-Palatinate .
Rhineland-Palatinate is divided into 24 districts , formerly grouped into the three administrative regions : Koblenz , Trier and Rheinhessen-Pfalz .
It was formed from the northern part of the French Occupation Zone , which included parts of Bavaria ( the Rhenish Palatinate ) , the southern parts of the Prussian Rhine Province ( including the District of Birkenfeld , which formerly belonged to Oldenburg ) , parts of the Prussian Province of Nassau ( see Hesse-Nassau ) , and parts of Hesse-Darmstadt ( Rhinehessen on the western bank of the Rhine ) .
The capital is Mainz .
These mountain chains are separated from each other by several tributaries of the Rhine : the Mosel , the Lahn , and the Nahe .
Located in western Germany , the Rhineland-Palatinate borders ( from the north and clockwise ) the German Bundesländer North Rhine-Westphalia , Hesse , and Baden-Württemberg .
The Rhine Valley is bounded by mountain chains and it containins several of the historically significant places in Germany .
The state of Rhineland-Palatinate was established on 30 August 1946 .
Pygmalion is a play by George Bernard Shaw , named after a Greek mythological character .
Santiago de Cuba province has been the site of many battles , both during the war for independence and the 1959 Cuban Revolution , where much of the guerrilla fighting took place in the mountainous province .
Santiago de Cuba Province is the second most populated province in the island of Cuba .
The natural beauty of the area is attracting many tourists from both the rest of Cuba and from overseas .
One of these was Oriente province , which was , prior to 1905 , known as Santiago de Cuba province .
Industry is growing around the capital , as is tourism .
The economy , however , relies mostly on agriculture , with large plantations growing bananas , cacao , and coffee dotting the landscape .
The largest city Santiago de Cuba is the main administrative center .
The province is rich in material resources such as iron and nickel .
Prior to 1976 , Cuba was divided into six historical provinces .
Examples of such organometallic compounds include all Gilman reagents , which contain lithium and copper .
For example , hemoglobin and myoglobin contain an iron center coordinated to the nitrogen atoms of a porphyrin ring ; magnesium is the center of a chlorin ring in chlorophyll .
The field of such inorganic compounds is known as bioinorganic chemistry .
Metal beta-diketonates , alkoxides , and dialkylamides are representative members of this class .
Organometallic chemistry is the study of chemical compounds containing bonds between carbon and a metal .
In certain organometallic compounds such as ferrocene or dibenzenechromium , the pi orbitals of the organic moiety ligate the metal .
In contrast to these coordination compounds , methylcobalamin ( a form of Vitamin B12 ) , with a cobalt-methyl bond , is a true organometallic complex , one of the few known in biology .
Two important classes are organolithium and Grignard reagents .
Many complexes feature coordination bonds between a metal and organic ligands .
The term `` metalorganics '' usually refers to metal-containing compounds lacking direct metal-carbon bonds but which contain organic ligands .
The organic ligands often bind the metal through a heteroatom such as oxygen or nitrogen , in which case such compounds are considered coordination compounds .
Organometallic chemistry combines aspects of inorganic chemistry and organic chemistry .
Organometallic compounds with bonds that have characters in between ionic and covalent are very important in industry , as they are both relatively stable in solutions and relatively ionic to undergo reactions .
In addition to the traditional metals , lanthanides , actinides , and semimetals , elements such as boron , silicon , arsenic , and selenium are considered to form organometallic compounds , e.g. organoborane compounds such as triethylborane ( Et3B ) .
The metal-carbon bond in organometallic compounds is generally of character intermediate between ionic and covalent .
Many organic coordination compounds occur naturally .
Organometallic compounds are distinguished by the prefix `` organo - '' e.g. organopalladium compounds .
It is the tallest building in California , the tenth tallest in the United States , the tallest west of the Mississippi River , and the 56th tallest building in the world , by pinnacle height .
US Bank Tower , formerly Library Tower and First Interstate Bank World Center , is a 1,018-foot ( 310 m ) skyscraper at 633 West Fifth Street in downtown Los Angeles , California .
Tommy Ramone , also known as Thomas Erdelyi ( born Erdélyi Tamás ; January 29 , 1952 ) , is a Hungarian American record producer and musician .
He was the drummer of the influential punk rock band the Ramones and is the last surviving member of the original quartet .
The Division of Oxley is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland .
The division is named after the Australian explorer , John Oxley .
Hayden later served as a minister in the Hawke Government before becoming Governor-General in 1988 .
Oxley is located in south east Queensland , and covers the south western suburbs of Brisbane .
Its best-known member was Bill Hayden , the Labor Opposition Leader between 1977 and 1983 , when he resigned under pressure the same day that the 1983 election which swept Bob Hawke to power was called .
As this was not always practical , the Romans considered Doncaster to be an important staging post .
Within the region , Doncaster is being recognized an important European hub with developments such as a new international airport , Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield which opened in 2005 .
Schistosomiasis , caused by one genus of trematodes , is the second-most devastating of all human diseases caused by parasites , surpassed only by malaria .
Over half of all known flatworm species are parasitic , and some do enormous harm to humans and their livestock .
She designed her own tombstone .
In 1965 , she opened the Opportunity Center and Orphanage in South Korea , and later offices were opened in Thailand , the Philippines , and Vietnam .
Pearl S. Buck died of lung cancer on March 6 , 1973 , in Danby , Vermont , and was interred in Green Hills Farm in Perkasie , Pennsylvania .
Her novel The Good Earth was the best-selling fiction book in the U.S. in 1931 and 1932 and won the Pulitzer Prize in 1932 .
In 1921 , Buck 's mother died of a tropical disease , sprue , and shortly afterward her father moved in .
From 1920 to 1933 , the Bucks made their home in Nanjing , on the campus of the University of Nanking , where both had teaching positions .
In 1964 , to support children who were not eligible for adoption , Buck established the Pearl S. Buck Foundation ( now called Pearl S. Buck International ) to `` address poverty and discrimination faced by children in Asian countries . ''
She wrote on a diverse variety of topics including women 's rights , Asian cultures , immigration , adoption , missionary work , and war .
In 1920 , the Bucks had a daughter , Carol , afflicted with phenylketonuria .
She taught English literature at the private , church-run University of Nanking 金陵大學 , Ginling College 金陵女子大学 and at the National Central University 國立中央大學 .
Squid have the largest eyes in the animal kingdom .
In 1978 , sharp , curved claws on the suction cups of squid tentacles cut up the rubber coating on the hull of the USS Stein .
The kraken is a legendary tentacled monster possibly based on sightings of real giant squid .
In February 2007 , a New Zealand fishing vessel caught a colossal squid weighing 495 kg ( 1,091 lb ) and measuring around 10 m ( 33 ft ) off the coast of Antarctica .
The size suggested the largest squid known at the time .
The majority are no more than 60 cm ( 24 in ) long , although the giant squid may reach 13 metres ( 43 ft ) .
The skin is covered in chromatophores , which enable the squid to change color to suit its surroundings , making it practically invisible .
Squid , like cuttlefish , have eight arms arranged in pairs and two , usually longer , tentacles .
Squid are cephalopods of the order Teuthida , which comprises around 300 species .
Squid have three hearts .
The construction is of the Italian Renaissance style and was built in the late 17th century .
Church of El Sagrario In colonial times , the Church of El Sagrario was one of the largest architectural marvels of Quito .
It has a screen that supports its sculptures and decorations .
There are about 130 monumental buildings ( which hosts a variety of pictorial art and sculpture , mostly of religious inspired in a multi-faceted range of schools and styles ) and 5,000 properties registered in the municipal inventory of heritage properties .
In the museum located on the north side of the lower cloister are wonderful pieces of great Quito sculptors such as the Saint Dominic de Guzmán by Father Carlos , the Saint John of God by Caspicara , and the Saint Thomas Aquinas by Legarda .
Its central arch leads to a dome decorated with frescoes of biblical scenes featuring archangels , work by Francisco Albán .
In 1976 , the Spanish artist Agustín de la Herrán Matorras was commissioned by the religious order of the Oblates to build a 41 metres ( 135 ft ) - tall aluminum monument of a madonna , which was assembled on a high pedestal on the top of Panecillo .
The Historic Centre of Quito is located in the center south of the capital on an area of 320 hectares ( 790 acres ) , and is considered one of the most important historic areas in Latin America .
The roof of the Mudéjar style church features paintings of martyrs of the Order of Saint Dominic .
In addition to the administrative units in the third level of the Palace is the presidential residence , a luxurious colonial-style apartment in which they live the President and his family .
Rafael Correa , president since 2007 , considering that Carondelet Palace and its agencies are Ecuadoran heritages , convert the presidential compound into a museum accessible to all who wish to visit it .
The roof of the nave is composed of a pair and knuckle frame , coated inside by pieces of tracery .
In this was founded the largest fraternity in the city of Quito .
Carondelet Palace Carondelet Palace ( Spanish : Palacio de Carondelet ) is the seat of government of the Republic of Ecuador , located in the historical center of Quito .
Another Baroque piece that stands is the Chapel of Nuestra Señora del Rosario , which is a recognizable feature of the architecture of Quito .
This was placed in the late 19th century by Italian Dominicans .
El Panecillo is a hill located in the middle west of the city at an altitude of about 3,016 metres ( 9,895 ft ) above sea level .
Axis is the nerve of the public space known as Independence Square or Plaza Grande ( colonial name ) , around which were built in addition the Archbishop 's Palace , the Municipal Palace , the Hotel Plaza Grande and the Metropolitan Cathedral .
A monument to the Virgin Mary is located on top of El Panecillo and is visible from most of the city of Quito .
To this end , areas were organized to locate objects within their cultural contexts , to make them accessible to the world , which used several rooms and spaces within the palace .
This structure was built by Bernardo de Legarda .
It is located on Calle García Moreno , near the Cathedral .
The work was completed in the first half of the 17th century .
The altarpiece was gilded by Legarda .
The historic center of Quito has one of the largest , least-altered and best-preserved historic centers in the Americas .
Inside the church are valuable structures , such as the neo-Gothic main altar .
This chapel was built beside the church , in the gospel side .
Church of Santo Domingo Although they arrived in Quito in 1541 , in 1580 the Dominicans started to build their temple , using the plans and direction of Francisco Becerra .
This church began its construction in 1562 , seventeen years after the diocese of Quito was created ( 1545 ) .
During the Republican era , almost all the presidents ( constitutional , internees and dictators ) have dispatched from this building , which is the seat of Government of the Republic of Ecuador .
Quito , along with Kraków , were the first World Cultural Heritage Sites declared by UNESCO in 1978 .
With a population of 2,239,191 according to the last census ( 2010 ) , Quito is the second most populous city in Ecuador , after Guayaquil .
Quito ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkito ) ) , formally San Francisco de Quito , is the capital city of Ecuador , and at an elevation of 9,350 feet ( 2,800 meters above sea level ) , it is the highest official capital city in the world .
A birth certificate is a vital record that documents the birth of a child .
Most countries have statutes and laws that regulate the registration of births .
In all countries , it is the responsibility of the mother 's physician , midwife , hospital administrator , or the parents of the child to see that the birth is properly registered with the appropriate government agency .
The statue was moved to the Accademia Gallery in Florence in 1873 , and later replaced at the original location by a replica .
The Division of Wilmot was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Tasmania .
It was located in central Tasmania , and was named after Sir John Eardley-Wilmot , the sixth Lieutenant-Governor of Tasmania .
At various times it included the towns of Deloraine , Beaconsfield , Devonport , Latrobe , and New Norfolk .
The stretch of DNA transcribed into an RNA molecule is called a transcription unit and encodes at least one gene .
The other DNA strand ( the non-template strand ) is called the coding strand , because its sequence is the same as the newly created RNA transcript ( except for the substitution of uracil for thymine ) .
This is because RNA is only single-stranded , as opposed to double-stranded DNA .
During transcription , a DNA sequence is read by an RNA polymerase , which produces a complementary , antiparallel RNA strand called a primary transcript .
Diffraction occurs with all waves , including sound waves , water waves , and electromagnetic waves such as visible light , X-rays and radio waves .
Ellison co-founded Oracle Corporation in 1977 with Bob Miner and Ed Oates under the name Software Development Laboratories ( SDL ) .
He also served as the Chairman of the Board until his replacement by Jeffrey O. Henley in 2004 .
On August 22 , 2008 , the Associated Press ranked Ellison as the top-paid chief executive in the world .
In 1979 SDL changed its name to Relational Software , Inc. ( RSI ) .
In 1995 , Oracle Systems Corporation changed its name to Oracle Corporation .
The company also builds tools for database development and systems of middle-tier software , enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) software , customer relationship management ( CRM ) software and supply chain management ( SCM ) software .
Part of Oracle Corporation 's early success arose from using the C programming language to implement its products .
He heard about the IBM System R database from an article in the IBM Research Journal provided by Ed Oates ( a future co-founder of Oracle ) .
System R also derived from Codd 's theories , and Ellison wanted to make Oracle 's product compatible with System R , but IBM stopped this by keeping the error codes for their DBMS secret .
Ellison took inspiration from the 1970 paper written by Edgar F. Codd on relational database management systems ( RDBMS ) named `` A Relational Model of Data for Large Shared Data Banks . ''
Larry Ellison , a co-founder of Oracle , has served as Oracle 's CEO throughout its history .
At this stage Bob Miner served as the company 's senior programmer .
In 1982 , RSI renamed itself Oracle Systems Corporation to align itself more closely with its flagship product Oracle Database .
Oracle Corporation is an American multinational computer technology corporation headquartered in Redwood City , California , United States .
The company specializes in developing and marketing computer hardware systems and enterprise software products - particularly its own brands of database management systems .
Oracle is the second-largest software maker by revenue , after Microsoft .
On the first disc , the North American edition has `` The Best of Me '' as the last track , while the International edition moved the song to the 2nd disc , and had `` All I Want Is You '' instead .
The album 's enclosed booklet has notes about the process of the recordings and the credits for each track .
The two disc set includes songs from 1980-2005 .
All the songs are in chronological order of their release , except the last song on the first disc on the North American edition , which was released in 1999 .
Anthology is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005 .
The album was released on October 18 , 2005 and features songs like `` Heat of the Night '' , and `` Summer of ' 69 '' .
Anthology , co-produced by Adams , Robert John `` Mutt '' Lange and Bob Clearmountain , peaked at number 65 on the Billboard 200 .
On the second disc , The North American edition has two songs from his Album Room Service and a new recorded version of `` When You 're Gone '' with Pamela Anderson , while the international edition has a new song `` I 'm Not the Man You Think I Am '' ( from the movie Colour Me Kubrick ) instead of the two tracks from `` Room Service '' , and the original version of `` When You 're Gone '' with Mel C. instead of the new version .
A third disc which was a DVD live concert which was recorded in mid-2005 called `` Live in Lisbon '' was included in North America for a limited time .
Anthology peaked at number 4 on the Canadian Album Chart and number 29 on the UK Albums Chart .
On January 24 , 1972 , Sergeant Shoichi Yokoi was discovered by hunters .
Lieutenant General Takeshi Takashina was killed on 28 July , and Lieutenant General Hideyoshi Obata took over the command of the defenders .
He had lived alone in a cave for 27 years .
The next day , Obata committed ritual suicide .
Liberation Day continues to be celebrated on Guam every 21 July .
After the battle , Guam was turned into a base for Allied operations .
Supply was very difficult for the Americans in the first days of the battle .
Four U.S. Marines were awarded the Medal of Honor for their heroic actions during the Battle of Guam : PFC Luther Skaggs Jr. , PFC Frank Witek ( posthumously ) , PFC Leonard F. Mason ( posthumously ) and Captain ( later General ) Louis H. Wilson , Jr. .
Five large airfields were built by the Seabees , and B-29 bombers flew from the island to attack targets in the Western Pacific and on mainland Japan .
As in other battles of the Pacific War , the Japanese refused to surrender , and almost all were killed .
The invasion of Saipan was scheduled for 15 June 1944 , with landings on Guam tentatively set for 18 June .
At the start of August , they were running out of food and ammunition and had only a handful of tanks left .
Japanese counterattacks were made throughout the first few days of the battle , mostly at night , using infiltration tactics .
Obata withdrew his troops from the south of Guam , planning to make a stand in the mountainous central and northern part of the island .
A few Japanese soldiers held out in the jungle .
The 77th Infantry Division had a more difficult landing .
Guam is the largest of the Marianas , 30 miles ( 48 km ) long and 9 miles ( 14 km ) wide .
The Allied plan for the invasion of the Marianas called for heavy preliminary bombardment , first by carrier aircraft and planes based in the Marshall Islands to the east , then once air superiority was gained , close bombardment by battleships .
The Second Battle of Guam ( 21 July-10 August 1944 ) was the American capture of the Japanese held island of Guam , a United States territory ( in the Mariana Islands ) during the Pacific campaign of World War II .
On 8 December 1945 , three U.S. Marines were ambushed and killed .
It was not as heavily fortified as the other Mariana Islands such as Saipan that had been Japanese possessions since the end of World War I , but by 1944 it had a large Japanese garrison .
Guam , ringed by reefs , cliffs , and heavy surf , presents a formidable challenge for an attacker .
But despite the obstacles , on 21 July , the Americans landed on both sides of the Orote peninsula on the western side of Guam , planning to cut off the airfield .
A large Japanese carrier attack and stubborn resistance by the unexpectedly large garrison on Saipan led to the invasion of Guam being postponed for a month .
The 3rd Marine Division landed near Agana to the north of Orote at 08:28 , and the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade landed near Agat to the south .
Guam was chosen as a target because its large size made it suitable as a base for supporting the next stage of operations toward the Philippines , Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands ; the deep-water harbor at Apra was suitable for the largest ships ; and the two airfields would be suitable for Boeing B-29 Superfortresses .
The Athenians and Eretrians had succeeded in capturing and burning Sardis , but were then forced to retreat with heavy losses .
The Athenians , joined by a small force from Plataea , marched to Marathon , and succeeded in blocking the two exits from the plain of Marathon .
The Persian force then sailed for Attica , landing in the bay near the town of Marathon .
The battle is perhaps now more famous as the inspiration for the marathon race .
In response to this raid , Darius swore to burn down Athens and Eretria .
The defeat at Marathon marked the end of the first Persian invasion of Greece , and the Persian force retreated to Asia .
Although thought to be historically inaccurate , the legend of the Greek messenger Pheidippides running to Athens with news of the victory became the inspiration for this athletic event , introduced at the 1896 Athens Olympics , and originally run between Marathon and Athens .
The Battle of Marathon was a watershed in the Greco-Persian wars , showing the Greeks that the Persians could be beaten ; the eventual Greek triumph in these wars can be seen to begin at Marathon .
After Darius died , his son Xerxes I restarted the preparations for a second invasion of Greece , which finally began in 480 BC .
Once the Ionian revolt was finally crushed by the Persian victory at the Battle of Lade in 494 BC , Darius began plans to subjugate Greece .
The first Persian invasion was a response to Greek involvement in the Ionian Revolt , when Athens and Eretria had sent a force to support the cities of Ionia in their attempt to overthrow Persian rule .
Darius then began raising a huge new army with which he meant to completely subjugate Greece ; however , in 486 BC , his Egyptian subjects revolted , indefinitely postponing any Greek expedition .
In 490 BC , he sent a naval task force under Datis and Artaphernes across the Aegean , to subjugate the Cyclades , and then to make punitive attacks on Athens and Eretrea .
Since the following two hundred years saw the rise of the Classical Greek civilization , which has been enduringly influential in western society , the Battle of Marathon is often seen as a pivotal moment in European history .
The battle was the culmination of the first attempt by Persia , under King Darius I , to subjugate Greece .
The completion of the pacification of Ionia allowed the Persians to begin planning their next moves ; to extinguish the threat to the empire from Greece , and to punish Athens and Eretria .
The first Persian invasion of Greece had its immediate roots in the Ionian Revolt , the earliest phase of the Greco-Persian Wars .
Those that have survived are usually made of stone , primarily being flint , obsidian , or cherts , but in many excavations bone , wooden and metal arrowheads have been found .
Arrowheads are attached to arrow shafts to be shot from a bow ; similar types of projectile points may be attached to a spear and `` thrown '' by means of an Atlatl ( spear thrower ) .
Comparative anatomy is the study of similarities and differences in the anatomy of different species .
The National Stadium of Costa Rica ( Spanish : Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica ) is a multi-purpose stadium in La Sabana Metropolitan Park , San José , Costa Rica .
It also serves as the home stadium of the Costa Rica national football team .
It is the second game in the EarthBound video game series , following the 1989 Japan-exclusive Mother .
, is a 1994 role-playing video game co-developed by Ape and HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console .
He has also served on diocesan , national and international committees for liturgy , worship and ecumenism .
He was a member of the standing committee for the 1998 Lambeth Conference .
His term as presiding bishop ended on November 1 , 2006 .
He attended the General Theological Seminary and earned his BA in theology and MA from Oriel College , Oxford University ( 1962 , 1966 ) .
Griswold was co-chair of the Anglican-Roman Catholic International Commission from 1998 to 2003 .
Frank Tracy Griswold III ( born September 18 , 1937 in Bryn Mawr , Pennsylvania ) is an American bishop .
Griswold served as Bishop of Chicago from 1987 until he became presiding bishop in 1997 .
Griswold was educated at St Paul 's School in Concord , New Hampshire and earned an B.A. in English literature from Harvard College ( 1959 ) .
The last Leonid storms were in 1999 , 2001 ( two ) , and 2002 ( two ) .
Leonid storms gave birth to the term meteor shower when it was first realized , during the November 1833 storm , that the meteors radiated from near the star Gamma Leonis .
Before that , there were storms in 1767 , 1799 , 1833 , 1866 , 1867 , and 1966 .
NASA has a useful tool to calculate how many meteors per hour are visible from your observing location .
A meteor shower is the result of an interaction between a planet , such as Earth , and streams of debris from a comet .
When the Leonid shower is not storming it is less active than the Perseids .
The Leonid meteor shower peaks around 17 November of each year .
The fragments tend to fall apart quickly into dust , sand , and pebbles , and spread out along the orbit of the comet to form a dense meteoroid stream , which subsequently evolves into Earth 's path .
Approximately every 33 years , the Leonid shower produces a meteor storm , peaking at rates of thousands of meteors per hour .
The most visible meteor shower in most years are the Perseids , which peak on 12 August of each year at over one meteor per minute .
The meteoroids spread out along the entire orbit of the comet to form a meteoroid stream , also known as a `` dust trail '' ( as opposed to a comet 's `` dust tail '' caused by the very small particles that are quickly blown away by solar radiation pressure ) .
Most meteors are smaller than a grain of sand , so almost all of them disintegrate and never hit the Earth 's surface .
Examples are the Quadrantids and Geminids , which originated from a breakup of asteroid-looking objects , 2003 EH1 and 3200 Phaethon , respectively , about 500 and 1000 years ago .
Recently , Peter Jenniskens has argued that most of our short-period meteor showers are not from the normal water vapor drag of active comets , but the product of infrequent disintegrations , when large chunks break off a mostly dormant comet .
Whipple envisioned comets as `` dirty snowballs , '' made up of rock embedded in ice , orbiting the Sun .
Each time a comet swings by the Sun in its orbit , some of its ice vaporizes and a certain amount of meteoroids will be shed .
These meteors are caused by streams of cosmic debris called meteoroids entering Earth 's atmosphere at extremely high speeds on parallel trajectories .
A meteor shower is a celestial event in which a number of meteors are observed to radiate , or originate , from one point in the night sky .
His citation states that he carried out `` the single most outstanding act of explosive ordnance disposal ever recorded in Afghanistan '' .
Hughes was born in Germany , where his father was serving in the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers , and returned to England in 1985 .
Hughes made safe over 80 improvised explosive devices on his tour of Afghanistan .
Warrant Officer Class 2 Kim Spencer Hughes , GC ( born 12 September 1979 ) is a British Army bomb disposal expert ( Ammunition Technician ) who was awarded the George Cross as a Staff Sergeant for gallant acts carried out in the Afghanistan conflict .
He lived in Weston-super-Mare until 1988 when he moved to Telford .
The awarded was gazetted on 19 March 2010 .
The provinces are :
Gabon is divided into nine provinces and further divided into 37 departments .
These territories became independent on August 17 , 1960 .
For administrative purposes , Gabon is divided into nine provinces , which are further divided into 36 prefectures and eight separate subprefectures .
Its capital and largest city is Libreville .
His letters gave foundation to easy and popular Urdu .
Most notably , he wrote several ghazals during his life , which have since been interpreted and sung in many different ways by different people .
Not only Urdu poetry but the prose is also indebted to Mirza Ghalib .
Before Ghalib , letter writing in Urdu was highly ornamental .
He made his letters `` talk '' by using words and sentences as if he were conversing with the reader .
According to him Sau kos se ba-zaban-e-qalam baatein kiya karo aur hijr mein visaal ke maze liya karo ( from hundred of miles talk with the tongue of the pen and enjoy the joy of meeting even when you are separated ) .
Ghalib , the last great poet of the Mughal Era , is considered to be one of the most popular and influential poets of the Urdu language .
He was very humorous and wrote very interesting letters .
Mirza Ghalib was a gifted letter writer .
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the concept of `` human rights '' in general were designed to limit oppression by giving a clear articulation of what fundamental freedoms any system should allow to all of the people over whom it has power .
In psychology , racism , sexism and other prejudices are often studied as individual beliefs which , although not necessarily oppressive in themselves , can lead to oppression if they are codified in law or become parts of a culture .
These spiders can have a leg span of up to 28 cm ( 11 in ) and can weigh over 170 g ( 6.0 oz ) .
Females always mate and sometimes end up eating their mates .
In the Republic of Ireland the age of majority is 18 , but one must be over 21 years of age to stand for election to the Houses of the Oireachtas .
The following list the age of majority in countries ( or administrative divisions ) as appropriate :
For example , the age of license to purchase alcoholic beverages is 21 in all U.S. states .
The law in a given jurisdiction may never actually use the term `` age of majority '' and the term thereby refers to a collection of laws bestowing the status of adulthood .
Although a person may attain the age of majority in a particular jurisdiction , he or she may still be subject to age-based restrictions regarding matters such as the right to vote or stand for elective office , act as a judge , and many others .
Verwoerd once described apartheid as a `` policy of good neighbourliness '' .
Three days before his death , Verwoerd had held talks with the Prime Minister of Lesotho , Chief Leabua Jonathan , at the Union Buildings in Pretoria .
Following the meeting , a joint communique was issued by the two governments with special emphasis on `` co-operation without interference in each others ' internal affairs '' .
Verwoerd was rushed to Groote Schuur Hospital , but was pronounced dead upon arrival .
Hendrik Verwoerd is often called the `` Architect of Apartheid for his role in shaping the implementation of apartheid policy when he was minister of native affairs and then prime minister .
Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd ( 8 September 1901 - 6 September 1966 ) , commonly identified as H. F. Verwoerd , was Prime Minister of South Africa from 1958 until his assassination in 1966 .
A mixed-race , uniformed parliamentary messenger named Dimitri Tsafendas stabbed Verwoerd in the neck and chest four times before being subdued by other members of the Assembly .
On 6 September 1966 , Verwoerd was assassinated in Cape Town , shortly after entering the House of Assembly at 14:15 .
Four members of Parliament who were also trained doctors rushed to the aid of Verwoerd and started administering cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
Verwoerd was born in the Netherlands , thus making him the only person to become a South African prime minister who was not a South African by birth .
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is a 1969 American Western film directed by George Roy Hill and written by William Goldman ( who won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for the film ) .
The film won four Academy Awards : Best Cinematography ; Best Original Score for a Motion Picture ( not a Musical ) ; Best Music , Song ( Burt Bacharach and Hal David for `` Raindrops Keep Fallin ' on My Head '' ) ; and Best Writing , Story and Screenplay Based on Material Not Previously Published or Produced .
During the Tang Dynasty , the area to be known as Chang ` an included the area inside the Ming Xi'an fortification , plus some small areas to its east and west , and a major part of its southern suburbs .
The imperial city of Chang ` an during the Han Dynasty was located in northwest of today 's Xi'an .
Around AD 750 , Chang ` an was called a `` million people 's city '' in Chinese records , while modern estimates put it at around 800,000-1 ,000,000 within city walls .
During its heyday , Chang ` an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world .
During the short-lived Xin Dynasty , the city was renamed `` Constant Peace '' ( Chinese : 常安 ; pinyin : Cháng ' ān ) ; yet after its fall in AD 23 , the old name was restored .
By the time of the Ming Dynasty , the name was again changed to Xi'an , meaning `` Western Peace '' , which has remained its name to the present day .
Chang ` an means `` Perpetual Peace '' in Classical Chinese .
The Tang Chang ` an hence , was 8 times the size of the Ming Xi'an , which was reconstructed upon the premise of the former imperial quarter of the Sui and Tang city .
Chang ` an listen ( help · info ) ( simplified Chinese : 长安 ; traditional Chinese : 長安 ; pinyin : Cháng ' ān ; Wade-Giles : Ch ` ang-an ) is an ancient capital of more than ten dynasties in Chinese history , today known as Xi'an .
Science and philosophy are said to form a continuum , according to this view .
the idea or belief that nothing exists beyond the natural world . ''
In July 2009 , Toyota announced it would not host the race at Fuji Speedway in 2010 and beyond due to a downturn in the global economy .
The race was to become famous for the title decider between James Hunt and Niki Lauda as it was held during monsoon conditions .
Lauda , who had survived a near-fatal crash at the German Grand Prix earlier in the season , withdrew from the race stating that his life was more important than the championship , as did Brazilians Emerson Fittipaldi and Carlos Pace .
The Japanese Grand Prix ( 日本グランプリ , Nihon-guranpuri ? )
The Japanese Grand Prix was supposed to continue alternating between Fuji Speedway and Suzuka Circuit , owned by perennial rivals Toyota and Honda , respectively .
Hunt returned the next year to win the second Japanese Grand Prix , but a collision between Gilles Villeneuve and Ronnie Peterson during the race saw Villeneuve 's Ferrari somersault into a restricted area , killing two spectators .
The torrential rain had stopped , and after a botched pit stop that put him down to 5th , Hunt drove very hard and climbed up to and finished 3rd , so this meant that Hunt scored the 4 points he needed to win the title by the slender margin of one point over Lauda .
This is also in sonata-allegro form .
The piece is scored for 3 flutes ( one doubling piccolo ) , 3 oboes ( one doubling cor anglais ) , 3 clarinets ( one doubling bass clarinet ) , 3 bassoons ( one doubling contrabassoon ) , 4 horns , 3 trumpets , 3 trombones , tuba , timpani , side drum , bass drum , cymbals , triangle , tam-tam , 2 harps and strings .
It was premiered on December 1 , 1944 , in Symphony Hall , Boston , by the Boston Symphony Orchestra conducted by Serge Koussevitzky .
The drone in the horns and strings also indicates folk influence ( see example ) .
While the printed score titles the second movement `` Giuoco delle coppie '' or `` Game of the couples '' , Bartók 's manuscript had no title at all for this movement at the time the engraving-copy blueprint was made for the publisher .
Using a four-track recorder , this first performance featured Harrison 's guitar on track 1 , Lennon 's guitar on track 2 , Ringo 's drums on track 3 , and McCartney 's piano set on track 4 .
By 21 March , the final mono mix was completed and a month later , the stereo mix was done .
Pink Floyd watched the Beatles recording `` Lovely Rita '' .
Instead of becoming angry , he accepted it with good grace and expressed his feelings in song .
Recording began on 23 February 1967 .
The unusual noises during the song after the lines `` and the bag across her shoulder \/ made her look a little like a military man '' were John Lennon , Paul McCartney , and George Harrison playing comb and paper .
It is American slang for a female traffic warden , now officially known by the gender-neutral term parking attendant .
`` Lovely Rita '' is a song by the Beatles performed on the album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , written and sung by Paul McCartney , although as with all McCartney or Lennon-written Beatles ' songs , it is credited to Lennon-McCartney .
The term `` meter-maid '' was largely unknown in the UK prior to the song 's release .
When asked why he had called her `` Rita , '' McCartney replied , `` Well , she looked like a Rita to me '' .
Once those tracks were `` bounced , '' the band later added lead vocal , bass , and a three-part backing vocal section featuring George , John , and American session musician Shawn Phillips .
According to some sources , the song originates from when a female traffic warden named Meta Davies issued a parking ticket to McCartney outside Abbey Road Studios .
It is about a female traffic warden and the narrator 's affection for her .
Later , Pink Floyd took the effects of `` Lovely Rita '' for recording their instrumental compostition , `` Pow R. Toc H. '' from their debut album , The Piper at the Gates of Dawn .
They left neither artifacts nor monuments , and the only sources of information are scattered mentions in Buddhist and Jain literature .
The Kalabhras dynasty ( Tamil : களப்பிரர் ) ruled over the entire Ancient Tamil country between the 3rd and the 7th century in an era of South Indian history called the Kalabhra interregnum .
The winner was 19-year-old Brittani Kline from Beech Creek , Pennsylvania .
The international destination for this cycle is Marrakech , Morocco .
The 16th cycle of America 's Next Top Model premiered on February 23 , 2011 , and was the 10th season to be aired on The CW .
In the UK it is the eighth-best-selling album of all time .
The Dark Side of the Moon became one of the best-selling albums of all time , ( not counting compilations and various artists soundtracks ) , and is in the top 25 of a list of best-selling albums in the United States .
The Dark Side of the Moon is the eighth studio album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd , released in March 1973 .
Although it held the number one spot in the US for only a week , it remained in the Billboard album chart for 741 weeks .
The album re-appeared on the Billboard charts with the introduction of the Top Pop Catalog Albums chart in May 1991 , and has been a perennial feature since then .
The main suburbs include Austral , Bardia , Bow Bowing , Casula , Claymore , Denham Court , Edmondson Park , Eschol Park , Glenfield , Horningsea Park , Hoxton Park , Ingleburn , Leppington , Lurnea , Macquarie Fields , Minto , Minto Heights , Prestons , Raby , St Andrews and Varroville and parts of Liverpool , Leumeah and West Hoxton .
The Division of Werriwa is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales .
Werriwa is best remembered for being the electorate of former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam , who held it from 1952 to 1978 .
The division was one of the original 75 divisions first contested at the first federal election .
It more recent times , a by-election in March 2005 resulted in Labor 's Chris Hayes elected with over 55 % of the vote , in a 16-candidate race which saw no other candidate poll above 8 % .
The name Werriwa derives from a local Aboriginal name for Lake George , which was located in the division when it was established in 1900 .
Hoever , it has retained the name of Werriwa , primarily as it is an original Federation electorate - the Australian Electoral Commission 's guidelines on electoral redistributions require it to preserve the names of original Federation electorates where possible .
It was represented from 1994 to 2005 by one of Whitlam 's former aides , Mark Latham , the leader of the ALP and Leader of the Opposition from 2003 to 2005 .
Its source is at Irwell Springs on Deerplay Moor , approximately 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) north of Bacup .
The River Irwell ( \/ ˈɜrwɛl \/ UR-well ) is a 39-mile ( 63 km ) long river which flows through the Irwell Valley in North West England .
It forms the boundary between Manchester and Salford and empties into the River Mersey near Irlam .
She was first known as a member of the Polish rock band Virgin .
She was featured on CNN , as the tenth most famous Pole in history .
put her among ten most influential women in Poland .
In 2011 , Polish magazine Viva !
Dorota Rabczewska ( born February 15 , 1984 ) , more commonly known as Doda , is a Polish musical artist , among the most successful Polish artists in terms of number of prizes won .
After the group disbanded in 2007 she continued with a solo career .
Ahab was succeeded by his sons , Ahaziah and Jehoram .
The Hebrew Bible says that dogs licked his blood , according to the prophecy of Elijah .
Ahab ( Hebrew : אַחְאָב , Modern Aẖ ` av Tiberian ʼAḥʼāḇ ; `` Brother of the father '' ; Greek : Αχααβ ; Latin : Achab ) was the seventh king of Israel since Jeroboam I , the son and successor of Omri , and the husband of Jezebel of Sidon , according to the Hebrew Bible .
Beck Hansen ( born Bek David Campbell , July 8 , 1970 ) , known by the stage name Beck , is an American musician , singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist .
In 1997 , the US Supreme Court recognized the problem of `` opinion evidence which is connected to existing data only by the ipse dixit of an expert . ''
Ipse dixit , Latin for `` He , himself , said it , '' is a term used to identify and describe a sort of arbitrary dogmatic statement which the speaker expects the listener to accept as valid .
In the late 18th century , Jeremy Bentham adapted the term ipse-dixit into the word ipse-dixitism .
He played mostly for TSV 1860 München .
Harald Cerny ( born 13 September 1973 ) is a former Austrian football right midfielder .
Cerny made his debut for Austria in a March 1993 friendly match against Greece .
He also played two matches at the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France , adding nine World Cup qualifiers .
He earned 47 caps , scoring four goals .
His last international was an April 2004 friendly match against Luxembourg .
`` Human capital '' is sometimes used synonymously with human resources , although human capital typically refers to a more narrow view ( i.e. , the knowledge the individuals embody and can contribute to an organization ) .
Human resources is the set of individuals who make up the workforce of an organization , business sector , or economy .
Phillip `` Phil '' O'Donnell ( 25 March 1972 - 29 December 2007 ) was a Scottish football left-sided winger who played for Motherwell , Celtic and Sheffield Wednesday over the course of his career .
Peter Paul Wyngarde ( born 23 August 1928 ) is a French-born English actor best known for playing the character Jason King , a bestselling novelist turned sleuth , in two British television series : Department S ( 1969-1970 ) and Jason King ( 1971-1972 ) .
He returned to England for three years of full-time art study at the Royal Academy Schools from 1881 to 1884 .
Many of his most famous paintings come from this period .
He died in 1931 of cancer in Kallista near Melbourne .
In Australia , he built a house at Kallista , near Melbourne .
He spent World War I in England assisting at a hospital .
He is buried near Longford , Tasmania .
Thomas William `` Tom '' Roberts ( 9 March 1856 - 14 September 1931 ) was a prominent Australian artist and a key member of the Heidelberg School .
He married 35 year old Elizabeth ( Lillie ) Williamson in 1896 , and they had a son , Caleb .
Many examples of Roberts ' work can be seen at the National Gallery of Australia , but The Big Picture is displayed at Parliament House , Canberra .
Elizabeth died in January 1928 , and Tom remarried , to Jean Boys , in August 1928 .
Roberts painted a considerable number of fine oil landscapes and portraits , some painted at artist camps with his friend McCubbin , but perhaps his most famous works , in his time , were two large works , Shearing the Rams and The Big Picture .
This was a particularly productive and happy period in Roberts ' life .
Roberts loved this theme because it valued the work of ordinary Australian people .
Through the 1880s and 1890s he worked in Victoria , in his studio at the famous studio complex of Grosvenor Chambers at 9 Collins Street in Melbourne , and at a number of artists ' camps and visits around the colony .
Settling in Collingwood , a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , he worked as a photographer 's assistant through the 1870s while studying art at night under Louis Buvelot and befriending others who were to become prominent artists , notably Frederick McCubbin .
Laura Elizabeth Dern ( born February 10 , 1967 ) is an American actress , film director and producer .
Dern was born in Los Angeles , California , the daughter of actors Bruce Dern and Diane Ladd , and the great-granddaughter of former Utah governor , and Secretary of War , George Dern .
The parts of the body affected by early symptoms of ALS depend on which motor neurons in the body are damaged first .
Arm-onset patients may experience difficulty with tasks requiring manual dexterity such as buttoning a shirt , writing , or turning a key in a lock .
Other presenting symptoms include trouble swallowing , cramping , or stiffness of affected muscles ; muscle weakness affecting an arm or a leg ; and\/or slurred and nasal speech .
The disorder causes muscle weakness and atrophy throughout the body due to the degeneration of the upper and lower motor neurons .
Unable to function , the muscles weaken and exhibit atrophy .
About 75 % of people contracting the disease experience `` limb onset '' ALS , i.e. , first symptoms in the arms or legs .
These patients first notice difficulty speaking clearly or swallowing .
About 25 % of cases are `` bulbar onset '' ALS .
Patients with the leg onset form may experience awkwardness when walking or running or notice that they are tripping or stumbling , often with a `` dropped foot '' which drags gently along the ground .
From 1976 to 1979 , Bryson served as chairman of the California State Water Resources Control Board , and from 1979 to 1982 , he served as president of the California Public Utilities Commission .
Prior to this , he served as the Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and President of Edison International , the parent company of Southern California Edison and as director of The Boeing Company .
The Senate confirmed Bryson as Secretary of Commerce by a 74-26 vote on October 20 , 2011 .
John E. Bryson ( born July 24 , 1943 ) was the 37th United States Secretary of Commerce .
He was sworn in on October 21 , 2011 , becoming the 37th Secretary of the Department of Commerce .
In 1970 , with other recent Yale Law graduates , Bryson helped found and served as legal counsel for the Natural Resources Defense Council .
It is one of the most common bat species in the British Isles .
In 1999 , the common pipistrelle was split into two species on the basis of different-frequency echolocation calls .
The frequencies used by this bat species for echolocation lie between 45 and 76 kHz , have most energy at 47 kHz and have an average duration of 5.6 ms.
It is common in woodland and farmland but is also found in towns , where the females roost in lofts and buildings when rearing young .
The common pipistrelle uses a call of 45 kHz , while the soprano pipistrelle echolocates at 55 kHz .
The common pipistrelle ( Pipistrellus pipistrellus ) is a small pipistrelle bat whose very large range extends across most of Europe , North Africa , southwestern Asia , and possibly into Korea .
Since the two species were distinguished , a number of other differences , in appearance , habitat and food , have also been discovered .
The film won Nigar awards in the categories of best film , best director , best screenplay , best musician , best lyricist , best playback female singer , best editor , best art director and best comedian .
The film was released during the hey days of Waheed Murad and became a milestone in the Waheed 's career .
Anjuman , a Pakistani Urdu color film , was released on 31 July 1970 , starring Waheed Murad , Rani , Deeba , Santosh Kumar , Sabiha Khanam and Lehri .
The film was released at the worse political situations of the country .
Nevertheless , the film became a huge success , with famous tracks by Runa Laila and Ahmed Rushdi .
The film was produced by Safdar Masud under the banner Ideal Movies and directed by Hassan Tariq , a well-known Pakistani film director .
In the closing weeks of fighting in Europe , United States forces had pushed beyond the agreed boundaries for the future zones of occupation , in some places by as much as 200 miles ( 320 km ) .
After two months in which they had held areas that had been assigned to the Soviet zone , U.S. forces withdrew in the first days of July 1945 .
The MP5 is one of the most widely used submachine guns in the world , having been adopted by 40 nations and numerous military , law enforcement , intelligence , and security organizations .
At three years old , she began to learn the violin .
Her parents took her to their classical concerts and exposed her to a variety of music .
She secretly listened to pop music because her parents were against it .
Eventually , her parents began to support her dream to become a singer and she gained confidence when she was selected as the top 10 adult singers in a national singing competition under a sponsorship in Shanghai , China .
She speaks both Mandarin , which is her first language , and moderate Korean , and has released singles in both China and South Korea , singing in both languages .
`` Timeless '' was also placed first on Daum 's Music Video chart as well as hitting the highest search number on the famous search engine , Naver .
S.M. Entertainment also released a `` Timeless '' documentary version of her `` Y ( Why ... ) '' music video .
When she was twelve , she was accepted into a middle school affiliated to Sichuan Conservatory of Music after scoring the highest with her violin talents , but she opted to become a singer instead .
Zhang was so interested in classical , American , and European pop music that she claims she never sang children 's songs when she was a child .
As she grew older , Zhang became more absorbed into pop music than classical music .
Before her official debut , it was already known that her first song was a duet with popular TVXQ member Xiah , which generated even more interest in her .
Zhang promoted the second track of her debut single , `` Y ( Why ... ) , '' in early 2007 .
She performed `` TRI-ANGLE '' with TVXQ , singing a part in the song that was previously performed by BoA .
She received two years of special singing and dance training under S.M. Entertainment .
Subject to much publicity , Zhang has been nicknamed the `` Chinese BoA '' and the next leader of the Korean wave .
Susceptible animals include cattle , water buffalo , sheep , goats , pigs , antelope , deer , and bison .
North America and Australia have been free of FMD for many years .
Just as humans may spread the disease by carrying the virus on their clothes and bodies , animals that are not susceptible to the disease may still aid in spreading it .
He also used the same technique on his 1965 song `` If I Needed Someone '' , which shares a similar melodic pattern .
The following day he taped his lead vocals , and he and McCartney recorded their backing vocals twice to give a fuller sound .
`` Here Comes the Sun '' was completed four days later with the addition of Harrison 's Moog synthesizer part .
John Lennon did not contribute to the song as he was recovering from a car crash .
Towards the end of the session Harrison spent an hour re-recording his acoustic guitar part .
A harmonium and handclaps were added on 16 July .
`` Here Comes the Sun '' is a song written by George Harrison from the Beatles ' 1969 album Abbey Road .
Harrison , Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr recorded the rhythm track in 13 takes on 7 July 1969 .
He capoed his guitar on the 7th fret , resulting in the final key of A major ( in fact , slightly above A major due to the track being varispeeded by less than a semitone ) .
Petrarch is often called the `` Father of Humanism '' .
Petrarch 's sonnets were admired and imitated throughout Europe during the Renaissance and became a model for lyrical poetry .
In the 16th century , Pietro Bembo created the model for the modern Italian language based on Petrarch 's works , as well as those of Giovanni Boccaccio , and , to a lesser extent , Dante Alighieri .
Francesco Petrarca ( July 20 , 1304 - July 19 , 1374 ) , commonly anglicized as Petrarch ( \/ ˈpiːtrɑrk \/ , \/ ˈpɛtrɑrk \/ ) , was an Italian scholar and poet in Renaissance Italy , and one of the earliest humanists .
e4 g6 2 .
Its National Olympic Committee was formed in 1933 during the British Mandate of Palestine .
As the team represented the Jewish community , it boycotted the 1936 Games in Germany in protest of the Nazi Party 's anti-Semitic policies .
In 1972 , 11 members of the Israeli delegation were murdered by members of Black September Palestinian terrorist group .
Israel has competed at the Olympic Games as a nation since 1952 .
Israel has sent a team to each Summer Olympic Games since 1952 ( except when they participated in the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics ) and to each Winter Olympic Games since 1994 .
In computing , virtual memory is a memory management technique that is implemented using both hardware and software .
Hip hop music became popular in Philadelphia in the late 1970s .
Hip hop music was both influenced by disco music and a backlash against it .
Such contact can also lead to more mundane infections from common bacteria and viruses found in , around and secreted from the genital regions .
There is an increased risk of STI transmission if the receiving partner has wounds on his genitals , or if the giving partner has wounds or open sores on or in his or her mouth , or bleeding gums .
These wounds , even when they are microscopic , increase the chances of contracting STIs that can be transmitted orally under these conditions .
Chlamydia , human papillomavirus ( HPV ) , gonorrhea , herpes , hepatitis ( multiple strains ) , and other sexually transmitted infections ( STIs\/STDs ) , can be transmitted through oral sex .
Brushing the teeth , flossing , undergoing dental work soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission , because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth .
Because of the aforementioned factors , medical sources advise the use of condoms or other effective barrier methods when performing or receiving fellatio with a partner whose STI status is unknown .
Any sexual exchange of bodily fluids with a person infected with HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , poses a risk of infection .
Risk of STI infection , however , is generally considered significantly lower for oral sex than for vaginal or anal sex , with HIV transmission considered the lowest risk with regard to oral sex .
Human fertility depends on factors of nutrition , sexual behavior , culture , instinct , endocrinology , timing , economics , way of life , and emotions .
In postmenarchal girls , about 80 % of the cycles are anovulatory in the first year after menarche , 50 % in the third and 10 % in the sixth year .
As a measure , `` fertility rate '' is the number of offspring born per mating pair , individual or population .
Fertility differs from fecundity , which is defined as the potential for reproduction ( influenced by gamete production , fertilization and carrying a pregnancy to term ) .
Sperm count declines with age , with men aged 50-80 years producing sperm at an average rate of 75 % compared with men aged 20-50 years .
Fertility is the natural capability to produce offspring .
According to a computer simulation run by Henri Leridon , PhD , an epidemiologist with the French Institute of Health and Medical Research , of women trying to get pregnant , without using fertility drugs or in vitro fertilization Studies of actual couples trying to conceive have come up with higher results : one 2004 study of 770 European women found that 82 % of 35-to-39-year-old women conceived within a year , while another in 2013 of 2,820 Danish women saw 78 % of 35-to-40-year-olds conceive within a year .
The average age of menarche in the United States is about 12.5 years .
In 1965 , Hurricane Betsy made landfall just south of New Orleans , causing widespread flooding in the city .
At this point , Katrina was a Category 3 hurricane with 115 mph ( 185 km\/h ) winds and about 335 miles ( 540 km ) to the south-southeast of the Mississippi River 's mouth .
Three days before Katrina 's second and third landfalls , the National Hurricane Center began predicting that the storm would make landfall as a major hurricane .
The committee concluded that the forecasts given by the National Weather Service were timely , were not responsible for failures in other agencies , and were likely responsible for saving thousands of lives .
However , the protection given by this system was limited to hurricanes up to Category 3 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
As a result , the level of detail was highlighted as an `` innovative best practice '' in the NWS assessment , which recommended issuing warnings with similar levels of detail in the future .
Previous warnings , such as the one made by the Houston Chronicle in 2001 , told of a disaster that `` would strand 250,000 people or more , and probably kill one of 10 left behind as the city drowned under 20 feet of water '' following a severe hurricane making landfall on the city .
As New Orleans is located on the Mississippi River Delta and parts of the city are below sea level , a strong hurricane could have a devastating effect on the city .
At 11:00 p.m. EDT August 26 , approximately 56 hours before Katrina 's landfall near Buras , Louisiana , the National Hurricane Center had predicted that the Greater New Orleans area could face a direct hit by the storm .
The National Hurricane Center 's director , Max Mayfield , indicated that the Mississippi\/Louisiana area has `` the greatest potential for nightmare scenarios , '' and that this has been known for at least the three decades he has worked at the NHC .
As a result , a system of levees was authorized by Congress to handle future storm events .
The National Weather Service bulletin for the New Orleans region of 10:11 a.m. , August 28 , 2005 was a vividly worded release issued by the local Weather Forecast Office in Slidell , Louisiana , warning of the devastation that the Gulf Coast of the United States could experience as a result of Hurricane Katrina .
By the next morning , on August 27 , the NHC issued a hurricane watch that included the New Orleans metro area , which was upgraded to a hurricane warning by 10:00 p.m. CDT that same evening .
Partly due to this bulletin , people in southeastern Louisiana and southern Mississippi , those most affected by the storm 's impact , followed evacuation orders more closely , resulting in a reduced casualty toll .
The report called the bulletin `` a significant moment for the NWS during Katrina , '' as its detailed and explicit language did not have any previous precedent ( though the message was based on a template designed by the Tampa Weather Office in the 1990s ) .
On the evening of August 25 , 2005 , Hurricane Katrina made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane near the Miami-Dade-Broward county line in southern Florida and weakened into a tropical storm as a result .
During an internal assessment by the National Weather Service , the 10:11 bulletin and its impact were analyzed .
Other publications , such as Popular Mechanics , Scientific American , and The Times-Picayune gave doomsday scenarios in which a sinking city would drown and its residents would be left homeless .
A few minutes later , at 10:11 a.m. CDT ( 1511 UTC ) , Robert Ricks , a meteorologist with the New Orleans\/Baton Rouge NWS office , issued the following statement as part of the event synopsis text of an inland hurricane wind warning being issued : An equally-explicit bulletin was repeated at 4:13 p.m. CDT .
The next morning , after passing over the state , Tropical Storm Katrina moved into the Gulf of Mexico , reintensified back to hurricane strength , and due to the warm waters of the Loop Current , began undergoing rapid deepening .
On the night of August 27 , Katrina underwent another episode of rapid deepening , strengthening to a Category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph ( 280 km\/h ) by 10:00 am CDT on August 28 .
In the months following the storm , Congress appointed a bipartisan committee to investigate the response to Hurricane Katrina and the preparations prior to its landfall .
The strongly worded statement urged residents to evacuate , and was highlighted by national news media .
The rainbow flag , commonly gay pride flag and sometimes LGBT pride flag , is a symbol of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) pride and LGBT social movements in use since the 1970s .
Two other Vezina winning goaltenders have also won the Hart Memorial Trophy : Roy Worters and Al Rollins .
Three finalists are named and the trophy is awarded at the NHL Awards ceremony after the playoffs .
The voting is conducted at the end of the regular season by the 30 general managers of the teams in the National Hockey League , and each individual voter ranks their top three candidates on a 5-3-1 points system .
Players for the Montreal Canadiens have won the Vezina 28 times .
Chuck Rayner was the only goaltender to win the Hart Memorial Trophy , but never the Vezina .
Billy Smith of the New York Islanders was the first winner of the Vezina under the current system .
Jacques Plante holds the record for winning the most Vezinas with seven , followed by Bill Durnan and Dominik Hasek both of whom have won six .
The NHL adopted the current criteria for the Vezina Trophy beginning in 1981-82 .
The William M. Jennings Trophy was created as a new award for the goaltender ( s ) playing 25 or more games for the team allowing the fewest goals against .
From 1946-47 to 1981-82 , the trophy went to the goalkeeper ( s ) of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season ; now , the William M. Jennings Trophy is awarded for this .
There are only three players that have won both the Vezina and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season : Jacques Plante for 1961-62 ; Dominik Hasek twice for 1996-97 and 1997-98 ; and Jose Theodore for 2001-02 .
During the 1973-74 NHL season , the Chicago Black Hawks and the Philadelphia Flyers finished tied for the fewest goals against ; therefore their respective goaltenders Tony Esposito and Bernie Parent were both awarded the trophy , the only time that it would be shared between two players from different teams .
Hasek has won the most awards under the current system of voting for the best individual goalie .
When introduced , the Vezina Trophy was awarded to the top goaltender in the league .
The Vezina Trophy is awarded annually to the National Hockey League 's goaltender who is `` adjudged to be the best at this position '' .
As of the 1981-82 NHL season , the Vezina Trophy has been given to the most outstanding goaltender as voted by the general managers of the NHL teams .
The Trophy was first awarded after the 1926-27 NHL season and was awarded to the top goaltender .
The William M. Jennings Trophy , given to the goaltender ( s ) who play ( s ) more than 25 games for the team that allows the fewest goals , serves the function of the old Vezina .
Upon Vezina 's death , the trophy was donated to the League by the Canadiens ' owners , Leo Dandurand , Louis Letourneau and Joe Cattarinich to honor Vezina permanently .
All Caliphs of Córdoba were members of the Umayyad dynasty ; the same dynasty had held the title Emir of Córdoba and ruled over roughly the same territory since 756 .
This made it one of the largest unitary states in history and one of the few states to ever extend direct rule over three continents ( Africa , Europe , and Asia ) .
Some supported prominent early Muslims like Al-Zubayr ; others felt that only members of Muhammad 's clan , the Banu Hashim , or his own lineage , the descendants of Ali , should rule .
There were numerous rebellions against the Umayyads , as well as splits within the Umayyad ranks ( notably , the rivalry between Yaman and Qays ) .
This period is known as the Fitna , or the first Islamic civil war .
His successor , Uthman Ibn Affan , was elected by a council of electors ( Majlis ) .
The title Caliph ( خليفة ) was claimed by Abd-ar-Rahman III on 16 January 929 ; he was previously known as the Emir of Córdoba ( أمير قرطبة ) .
The Caliphate of Córdoba ( خليفة قرطبة ) ruled most of the Iberian Peninsula from the city of Córdoba from 929 to 1031 .
Although not ruling all of the Sahara , homage was paid to the Caliph by Saharan Africa , usually via various nomad Berber tribes .
In areas which were previously under Sassanid Persian or Byzantine rule , the Caliphs lowered taxes , provided greater local autonomy ( to their delegated governors ) , greater religious freedom for Jews , and some indigenous Christians , and brought peace to peoples demoralized and disaffected by the casualties and heavy taxation that resulted from the decades of Byzantine-Persian warfare .
Islamic rule expanded westward across North Africa and into Hispania and eastward through Persia and ultimately to the western lands of Indus Valley , in modern day Pakistan .
This period was characterized by a remarkable flourishing in technology , trade and culture ; many of the masterpieces of Spain were constructed in this period , including the Great Mosque of Córdoba .
Eventually , supporters of the Banu Hashim and the supporters of the lineage of Ali united to bring down the Umayyads in 750 .
Muawiyah , a relative of Uthman and governor ( Wali ) of Syria , became one of Ali 's challengers and after Ali 's assassination managed to overcome the other claimants to the Caliphate .
Under the Umayyads , the Caliphate grew rapidly in territory .
The caliphate was `` the core leader concept of Sunni Islam , by the consensus of the Muslim majority in the early centuries '' .
However , the Shiʻat ʻAlī , `` the Party of Ali '' , were again disappointed when the Abbasid dynasty took power , as the Abbasids were descended from Muhammad 's uncle , ` Abbas ibn ` Abd al-Muttalib and not from Ali .
Uthman was killed by members of a disaffected group .
When the Caliphate was seized by the Abbasids , Al-Andalus ( the Arab name for Hispania ) split from the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad to form their own caliphate .
The rule of the Caliphate is considered as the heyday of Muslim presence in the Iberian peninsula , before it fragmented into various taifas in the 11th century .
Abu Bakr Siddique , the first successor of Muhammad , nominated Umar as his successor on his deathbed .
For a variety of reasons , including that they were not elected by Shura and suggestions of impious behavior , the Umayyad dynasty was not universally supported within the Muslim community .
Ali then took control but was not universally accepted as caliph by the governors of Egypt , and later by some of his own guard .
During the Umayyad dynasty , Hispania was an integral province of the Umayyad Caliphate ruled from Damascus .
The way Deinotherium used its curious tusks has been much debated .
It may have rooted in soil for underground plant parts like roots and tubers , pulled down branches to snap them and reach leaves , or stripped soft bark from tree trunks .
Deinotherium fossils have been uncovered at several of the African sites where remains of prehistoric hominid relatives of modern humans have also been found .
Coconut water is the clear liquid inside young green coconuts ( fruits of the coconut palm ) .
In recent years , coconut water has been marketed as a natural energy or sports drink due to its high potassium and mineral content .
Coconut water has long been a popular drink in the tropics , especially in India , Brazilian Coast , Southeast Asia , Pacific Islands , Africa , and the Caribbean , where it is available fresh , canned , or bottled .
It was directed by Ethan Spaulding , Giancarlo Volpe , and Joaquim Dos Santos , and written by Michael Dante DiMartino , Bryan Konietzko , and Aaron Ehasz .
The Saturday airing of Sozin 's Comet acted as a climax to a week of ten new episodes that concluded Avatar 's third season .
The finale focuses on series protagonist Aang 's non-violent personality and his reluctance to kill Fire Lord Ozai .
Sozin 's Comet received positive reception from critics and fans alike .
The finale also follows the exploits of many of Aang 's friends and allies , including Sokka , Toph and Suki 's struggle to destroy a Fire Nation airship armada , Zuko and Katara 's battle against Zuko 's sister Azula , and Iroh , King Bumi , and the Order of the White Lotus ' attempt to liberate Ba Sing Se .
The initial showing averaged 5.6 million viewers , a 195 % increase in ratings compared with ratings from mid-July 2007 .
During his coronation , Zuko promises to aid the world in the postwar reconstruction .
Aang explains he plans to challenge Fire Lord Ozai only after Sozin 's Comet and its enhancement on Firebending have come and gone , due to his self-perceived lack of Firebending skills at the moment .
The premiere of episodes 52-61 throughout the week of Sozin 's Comet 's release received over 19 million views , of which 5.6 million were from the premiere of Sozin 's Comet .
The Order of the White Lotus liberates Ba Sing Se in the name of the Earth King .
At the 2008 Annie Awards , the director of the third part of Sozin 's Comet won an award for `` Best Directing in an Animated Television Production '' .
Though intended to be split into 4 episodes , the finale aired as a two-hour four-part movie on July 19 , 2008 .
With the combined power of his past lives , Aang quickly overwhelms Ozai .
Aang abandons his Firebending lessons with Zuko to have a beach party , causing Zuko to attack him in frustration and in order to get Aang to defend himself by firebending .
Just before she is crowned Fire Lord , Zuko and Katara arrive .
Meanwhile , Aang awakens on the island .
When Zuko tells the group Ozai plans to use the comet 's power to burn away the Earth Kingdom , Aang realizes he has no choice but to face him before the comet arrives and resolves to continue his training .
Sometime after the ceremony , Zuko visits Ozai in prison and demands that he tell him the location of the banished Ursa , Zuko 's mother .
In Ba Sing Se , the Order of the White Lotus , led by Iroh , lays siege to the Fire Nation .
Meanwhile , Fire Lord Ozai proclaims himself to be ruler of the world under the title `` Phoenix King '' and declares Azula as the new Fire Lord .
Prior to the week of July 14-19 , no episodes had been shown since November 30 , 2007 .
Meanwhile , Sokka , Toph , and Suki hijack a Fire Nation airship and commandeer the controls .
Once Ozai is subdued , Aang still refuses to kill him .
A final scene depicts the main cast gathered in Iroh 's new tea shop , the Jasmine Dragon , and with Aang and Katara officially confirming their romantic relationship with a loving hug and passionate kiss .
Trusting that Aang will engage Fire Lord Ozai , Zuko and Katara decide to travel to the Fire Nation capital to fight Azula while Sokka , Toph , and Suki take aim at Ozai 's airship fleet .
As Zuko gets the better hand and seems on the verge of defeating Azula , she sends a bolt of lightning at Katara .
With the arrival of the comet , Azula 's coronation is set to begin .
Frustrated with the inability to find a way to defeat Ozai without killing him , he meditates and questions four of his past lives , including Avatar Roku .
`` Sozin 's Comet : The Final Battle '' is the series finale for the Nickelodeon television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
Zuko accepts Azula 's challenge to an Agni Kai , or `` fire duel '' .
Sokka decides to have a simulation fight against a scarecrow , but Aang refuses to deal a death blow due to his pacifistic nature and non-violent upbringing , even berating his friends as they tell him that killing Ozai may be the only solution .
Zuko throws himself in front of the blast , gravely injuring himself after he fails to correctly redirect the lightning .
That night , Aang sleepwalks to an island that mysteriously appears off the coast and disappears come morning .
When Ozai directs lightning at him , Aang successfully redirects it but chooses not to deal a lethal blow on Ozai , instead aiming at the empty sky .
The lack of a widespread use of the 717 name left it available to rebrand the MD-95 .
Qantas bought more 717s , and other significant orders came from Hawaiian Airlines and Midwest Airlines .
The ValuJet order was the only order received for some two years .
The McDonnell Douglas MD-80 series was introduced into airline service in 1980 .
The aircraft is powered by two Rolls-Royce BR715 turbofan engines .
The final two Boeing 717s were delivered to customers AirTran and Midwest Airlines on May 23 , 2006 .
Nearly 1,200 MD-80s were delivered from 1980 to 1999 .
The version complements BBJ family .
During its evaluation of the various engines available for the proposed re-engining component of DC-9X , McDonnell Douglas found the BMW Rolls-Royce BR700 engine an ideal candidate and the BMW Rolls-Royce BR700 engine was selected to power the aircraft on February 23 , 1994 .
The 717 was the last commercial airplane produced at Boeing 's Long Beach facility in Southern California .
Longtime McDonnell Douglas customer Scandinavian Airlines System ( SAS ) chose the Boeing 737-600 for its 100-seater over the MD-95 in March 1995 .
The Boeing 717 is a twin-engine , single-aisle jet airliner , developed for the 100-seat market .
The DC-9 first flew in 1965 and entered airline service later that year .
Halla Group in South Korea was selected to make the wings ; Alenia of Italy the entire fuselage ; Aerospace Industrial Development Corp. of Taiwan , the tail ; ShinMaywa of Japan , the horizontal stabilizer ; and a manufacturing division of Korea Air Lines , the nose and cockpit .
The major changes included a fuselage `` shrink '' back to 119 ft 4 in ( 36.37 m ) length ( same as the DC-9-30 ) , and the reversion to the original DC-9 wing of 93 ft 5 in ( 28.47 m ) span .
The MD-90 was developed from the MD-80 series .
Capable of seating of up to 117 passengers , the 717 has design range of 2,060 nautical miles ( 3,820 km ) .
After McDonnell Douglas merged with Boeing in August 1997 , most industry observers expected that Boeing would cancel development of the MD-95 .
McDonnell Douglas was planning for all MD-95 assembly to be undertaken in China , as an offshoot of the Trunkliner program , for which McDonnell Douglas had been negotiating to have up to 150 MD-90s built in China .
The beginning of the end came in December 2003 when Boeing lost a US$ 2.7 billion contract from Air Canada , who chose the Embraer E-Jets and Bombardier CRJ over the 717 .
McDonnell Douglas said that the MD-95 project would cost only a minimal amount to develop , as it was a direct offshoot of the IAE-powered MD-90 .
Douglas Aircraft developed the DC-9 to be a short-range companion to their larger four engined DC-8 in the early 1960s .
However , Boeing decided to go forward with the design under a new name , Boeing 717 .
At first Boeing had no more success selling the 717 than McDonnell Douglas .
The MD-90 was longer , and featured a glass cockpit ( electronic instrumentation ) and more powerful , quieter , fuel efficient IAE V2525-D5 engines , with the option of upgrading that to an IAE V2528 engine .
It was launched in 1989 and first flew in 1993 .
When production ended in 1982 a total of 976 DC-9s had been produced .
Only 117 MD-90 airliners were built .
The airliner was designed and marketed by McDonnell Douglas as the MD-95 , a third-generation derivative of the DC-9 .
At the time of the redefinition , McDonnell Douglas said that it expected the MD-95 to grow into a family of aircraft with the capability of increased range and seating capacity .
The DC-9 was an all-new design , using two rear fuselage-mounted Pratt & Whitney JT8D turbofan engines , a small , highly efficient wing , and a T-tail .
McDonnell Douglas first offered the airliner for sale in 1994 .
The 156th and final 717 rolled off the assembly line in April 2006 for AirTran Airways , which was the 717 's launch customer as well as its final customer .
The collection has 44,000 Greek , Roman , and Etruscan antiquities dating from 6,500 BC to 400 AD .
This is available both at the Museum , at various points known as `` GettyGuide stations '' , and externally on its website .
If genuine , the Getty kouros is one of only twelve remaining intact lifesize kouroi .
Among the outstanding items is Victorious Youth , one of few life-size Greek bronze statues to have survived to modern times .
The Marbury Hall Zeus is a 81 in ( 2.1 m ) tall marble statue that was recovered from ruins at Tivoli near Rome .
The Getty Villa is an educational center and museum dedicated to the study of the arts and cultures of ancient Greece , Rome , and Etruria .
The Villa also displays the Getty kouros , which the museum lists as `` Greek , about 530 B.C. , or modern forgery '' because scientific analysis is inconclusive as to whether the marble statue can be dated to Greek times .
The UCLA\/Getty Master 's Program in Archaeological and Ethnographic Conservation is housed on this campus .
The collection has 44,000 Greek , Roman , and Etruscan antiquities dating from 6,500 BC to 400 AD , including the Lansdowne Heracles and the Victorious Youth .
The Villa also has jewelry and coin collections and an extensive 20,000 volume library of books covering art from these periods .
The collection is documented and presented through the online GettyGuide as well as through audio tours .
The Lansdowne Heracles is a Hadrianic Roman sculpture in the manner of Lysippus .
Blest Pair of Sirens is a short work for choir and orchestra by the English composer Hubert Parry , setting John Milton 's ode At a solemn Musick .
Stanford had originally intended to perform an existing work of Parry 's , the 1885 cantata The Glories of our Blood and State .
Reviewing the concert , The Times said of Blest Pair of Sirens : The work was an immediate success , and was quickly taken up by other choirs .
City statuses were later revised based on the results of the 2001 Census of India .
Before the Sixth Central Pay Commission , the classification of cities in India was based on two parameters - Compensatory City Allowance ( CCA ) , further divided into categories A-1 , A , B-1 and B-2 , and HRA , further divided into categories A-1 , A , B-1 , B-2 and C. This classification was initially based on the recommendations of the Fifth Central Pay Commission of India in 1997 .
His career in Formula One spanned 15 seasons , with his final two full seasons of top-level racing being spent in the CART series .
Mansell remains the most successful British Formula One driver of all time in terms of race wins with 31 victories , and is sixth overall on the Formula One race winners list behind Michael Schumacher , Alain Prost , Ayrton Senna , Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso .
Then , was later signed a one-off race deal for the Scuderia Ecosse GT race team to drive their number 63 Ferrari F430 GT2 car at Silverstone on 6 May 2007 .
He was rated in the top 10 Formula One drivers of all time by longtime Formula One commentator Murray Walker .
Mansell was the reigning F1 champion when he moved over to CART , becoming the first person to win the CART title in his debut season , and making him the only person to hold both titles simultaneously .
Nigel Ernest James Mansell , CBE ( born 8 August 1953 in Upton-upon-Severn , Worcestershire , England ) is a British racing driver who won both the Formula One World Championship ( 1992 ) and the CART Indy Car World Series ( 1993 ) .
In 2008 , Entertainment and Sports Programming Network ranked him 24th on their top drivers of all-time .
Maxwell 's equations describe how electric and magnetic fields are generated and altered by each other and by charges and currents .
The other two describe how the fields `` circulate '' around their respective sources ; the magnetic field `` circulates '' around electric currents and time varying electric fields in Ampère 's law with Maxwell 's addition , while the electric field `` circulates '' around time varying magnetic fields in Faraday 's law .
The term `` Maxwell 's equations '' is often used for other forms of Maxwell 's equations .
In other words , any magnetic field line that enters a given volume must somewhere exit that volume .
Maxwell 's addition to Ampère 's law is particularly important : it shows that not only does a changing magnetic field induce an electric field , but also a changing electric field induces a magnetic field .
Ngata totaled 107 tackles , 17.5 tackles for a loss , and 6.5 sacks total in the 2004 and 2005 seasons .
Ngata had two interceptions in 2008 .
Ngata was selected by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round ( 12th overall ) in the 2006 NFL Draft .
He was also part of the championship-winning team in Super Bowl XLVII as the Ravens beat the 49ers 34-31 .
Basaltic lavas are unusual for Plinian eruptions ; the most recent example is the 1886 eruption of Mount Tarawera .
Fine ash can deposit over large areas .
Pliny the Younger provided an account of his death , and suggested that he collapsed and died through inhaling poisonous gases emitted from the volcano .
Short eruptions can end in less than a day , but longer events can take several days to months .
The amount of magma erupted can be so large that the top of the volcano may collapse , resulting in a caldera .
Plinian eruptions are marked by columns of gas and volcanic ash extending high into the stratosphere , a high layer of the atmosphere .
Plinian eruptions , also known as Vesuvian eruptions , are volcanic eruptions marked by their similarity to the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in AD 79 .
The longer eruptions begin with production of clouds of volcanic ash , sometimes with pyroclastic flows .
His body was found interred under the ashes of the Vesuvius with no apparent injuries on 26 August , after the plume had dispersed , confirming asphyxiation or poisoning .
Plinian eruptions are often accompanied by loud noises , such as those generated by Krakatoa .
The key characteristics are ejection of large amount of pumice and very powerful continuous gas blast eruptions .
Pliny described his uncle 's involvement from the first observation of the eruption : Pliny the Elder set out to rescue the victims from their perilous position on the shore of the Bay of Naples , and launched his galleys , crossing the bay to Stabiae ( near the modern town of Castellammare di Stabia ) .
The eruption was described in a letter written by Pliny the Younger , and killed his uncle Pliny the Elder .
Hyssop is used as an ingredient in eau de Cologne and the liqueur Chartreuse .
Hyssop is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Cabbage Moth .
Hyssop is also used , usually in combination with other herbs such as liquorice , in herbal remedies , especially for lung conditions .
Good air circulation is required , such as an airing cupboard with the door left open , or a sunny room , aiming for a temperature of 20-32 ° C. Hyssop leaves should dry out in about six days , any longer and they will begin to discolor and lose their flavor .
Hyssop is also often used to fill the Catholic ceremonial Aspergillum , which the priest dips into a bowl of holy water , and sprinkles onto the congregation to bless them .
Hyssop should be grown in full sun on well-drained soil , and will benefit from occasional clipping .
The dried leaves are stored in clean , dry , airtight containers , and will keep for 12-18 months .
Anise hyssop is native to much of north-central and northern North America .
Hyssop leaves have a slightly bitter minty flavor and can be added to soups , salads , or meats , although should be used sparingly , as the flavor is very strong .
They are aromatic , with erect branched stems up to 60 cm long covered with fine hairs at the tips .
Hyssop leaves can be preserved by drying .
Hyssop can also be propagated from cuttings or root division in spring or autumn .
The name hyssop can be traced back almost unchanged through the Greek ύσσωπος ( hyssopos ) .
The seeds are sown in spring and the seedlings planted out 40-50 cm apart .
It has also `` been found to improve the yield from grapevines if planted along the rows , in particular if the terrain is rocky or sandy , and the soil is not as easy to work as it might be . ''
Hyssop also has uses in the garden ; it is said to be a good companion plant to cabbage because it will deter the Cabbage White butterfly .
Note that anise hyssop , Agastache foeniculum ( also called blue giant hyssop ) , is a very different plant and not a close relation , although both are in the mint family .
They should be dried quickly , away from bright sunlight in order to preserve their aromatic ingredients and prevent oxidation of other chemicals .
Hyssopus ( Hyssop ) is a genus of about 10-12 species of herbaceous or semi-woody plants in the family Lamiaceae , native from the east Mediterranean to central Asia .
The small blue flowers are borne on the upper part of the branches during summer .
Hyssop also attracts bees , hoverflies , and butterflies , thus has a place in the wild garden as well as being useful in controlling pests and encouraging pollination without the use of unnatural methods .
By far the best-known species is the Herb Hyssop ( H. officinalis ) , widely cultivated outside its native area in the Mediterranean .
It is ideal for use as a low hedge or border within the herb garden .
The leaves are narrow oblong , 2-5 cm long .
The name hyssop appears in some translations of the bible , but researchers have suggested that the Biblical accounts refer not to the plant currently known as hyssop but rather to one of a number of different herbs .
Hyssop is said to be antagonistic to radishes , and they should not be grown nearby .
They should be harvested on a dry day at the peak of their maturity and the concentration of active ingredients is highest .
It is short-lived , and the plants must be replaced every few years .
It is also used to color the spirit Absinthe , along with Melissa and Roman wormwood .
Supported and partly financed by the Austrian government and the city administration of Vienna , the award is organized by the publisher FZA .
The international Wiener Werkstattpreis is a literary award established in 1992 in Austria .
In 2007 , authors could compete in three categories : short story , poetry and essay .
The organizers hope to bring public attention to writers who are not well known .
Designated Uranus XXIV , it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
Confirming observations were made by Holman on September 30 .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , John J. Kavelaars , Dan Milisavljevic , and Brett J. Gladman on August 13 , 2001 , and given the provisional designation S\/2001 U 2 .
Despite being seen again on September 21 and November 15 and even a year later on August 13 and September 5 , 2002 , it was eventually lost .
The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde irregular satellites of Uranus ( in polar co-ordinates ) with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre .
It follows a retrograde , modestly inclined but highly eccentric orbit .
It was finally recovered on September 24 , 2003 , by Scott S. Sheppard on images obtained by David C. Jewitt and himself on August 29 - 30 and September 20 of that year .
Hooker visited Morocco from April to June 1871 , in the company of John Ball , George Maw and a young gardener from Kew , called Crump .
Hooker recognized three phytogeograpical divisions : Western Syria and Palestine ; Eastern Syria and Palestine ; Middle and Upper mountain regions of Syria .
This trip was taken in the autumn of 1860 , with Daniel Hanbury .
On 11 November 1847 Hooker left England for his three-year-long Himalayan expedition ; he would be the first European to collect plants in the Himalaya .
He was Director of the Royal Botanical Gardens , Kew , for twenty years , in succession to his father , William Jackson Hooker , and was awarded the highest honors of British science .
an alpine flora , the two latter of widely different origin , and in one sense proper to the Rocky Mountain ranges .
The ships arrived back in England on 4 September 1843 ; the voyage had been a success for Ross as it was the first to confirm the existence of the southern continent and chart much of its coastline .
The expedition consisted of two ships , HMS Erebus and HMS Terror ; it was the last major voyage of exploration made entirely under sail .
a so-called desert and saline flora derived from the west ; 3 .
a prairie flora derived from the eastward ; 2 .
After spending 138 days at sea , and a collision between the Erebus and Terror , they sailed to the Falkland Islands , to Tierra del Fuego , back to the Falklands and onward to their third sortie into the Antarctic .
They visited and collected in Syria and Palestine ; no full-length report was published , but a number of papers were written .
Hooker made plant collections at each location and while traveling drew these and specimens of algae and sea life pulled aboard using tow nets .
Meanwhile , Hooker wrote to Darwin relaying to him the habits of animals in India , and collected plants in Bengal .
They left New Zealand to return to Antarctica .
Hooker and a sizeable party of local assistants departed for eastern Nepal on 27 October 1848 .
Hooker was back in Kew with 1,000 dried specimens by October .
This was undertaken with his friend Asa Gray , the leading American botanist of the day .
Hooker was the youngest of the 128-man crew .
However , they were released without any bloodshed and Hooker returned to Darjeeling where he spent January and February 1850 writing his journals , replacing specimens lost during his detention and planning a journey for his last year in India .
After spending 5 months in the Antarctic they returned to resupply in Hobart , then went on to Sydney , and the Bay of Islands in New Zealand .
Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker OM GCSI CB FRS ( 30 June 1817 - 10 December 1911 ) was one of the greatest British botanists and explorers of the 19th century .
Hooker was a founder of geographical botany , and Charles Darwin 's closest friend .
He sailed on the Erebus and was assistant to Robert McCormick , who in addition to being the ship 's Surgeon was instructed to collect zoological and geological specimens .
`` A difficult question was why in the great mountain chains of the Western United States there appeared to be only a few botanical enclaves of plants of eastern-Asiatic afinities among plants of Mexican and more southern types . ''
Hooker 's expedition was based in Darjeeling where he stayed with naturalist Brian Houghton Hodgson .
Hooker 's survey of hitherto unexplored regions , the Himalayan Journals , dedicated to Charles Darwin , was published by the Calcutta Trigonometrical Survey Office in 1854 , abbreviated again in 1855 and later by ( The Minerva Library of Famous Books ) Ward , Lock , Bowden & Co. , 1891 .
His comments on his encounters include the following : His views on the flora of Colorado and Utah : There are two temperate , and two cold or mountain floras , viz : 1 .
Campbell and Hooker were imprisoned by the Dewan of Sikkim when they were traveling towards the Chola Pass in Tibet .
They traveled to Zongri , west over the spurs of Kangchenjunga , and north west along Nepal 's passes into Tibet .
In 1818 , the municipality of Bredevoort was dissolved to become part of the city Bredevoort under the newly formed municipality Aalten .
Only one son , Anthonie , who was not home that day , survived .
The former municipality of Bredevoort was composed of the city , the castle Bredevoort , and the villages Aalten , Dinxperlo and Winterswijk .
In 1646 , lightning hit the gunpowder tower of the castle , causing an explosion that destroyed parts of the castle and the town , killing Lord Haersolte of Bredevoort and his family , as well as others .
The fight lasted for almost two centuries .
It is situated between the towns of Aalten and Winterswijk .
After centuries of war , its fortifications were demolished by its inhabitants .
Between 1326 and 1697 the municipality of Bredevoort repeatedly changed ownership .
Bredevoort has presented itself as Bredevoort boekenstad ( Bredevoort book town ) , after the examples of Hay-on-Wye in Wales and Redu in Belgium .
She spent nearly a decade as an independent artist in the Toronto music scene , releasing two albums and an EP in that time .
In September 2009 Ortega performed on a cross-Canada tour as opening act for Keane 's North American tour .
Now living in Tennessee , her voice has been described as a blend of Dolly Parton , Johnny Cash , and Emmylou Harris .
After being signed to Cherrytree Records \/ Interscope Records in August 2008 Ortega released her second EP , The Drifter E.P. , to critical success .
Life on Mars is a British television series broadcast on BBC One between January 2006 and April 2007 .
Life on Mars tells the fictional story of Sam Tyler ( John Simm ) , a policeman in service with the Greater Manchester Police .
It has blue feet and red feathers at the tip of its tail .
The Keel-billed Toucan ( Ramphastos sulfuratus ) , also known as Sulfur-breasted Toucan or Rainbow-billed Toucan , is a colorful Latin American member of the toucan family .
The male and female share in the caring of the eggs , both taking turns incubating .
The Keel-billed Toucan can be found from Southern Mexico to Venezuela and Colombia .
The female Keel-billed Toucan will lay 1-4 white eggs in a natural or already-made tree cavity .
Because toucans spend a large portion of time in the trees , this helps the birds to stay on the branches of the trees and jump from one branch to another .
Like many toucans , Keel-billed is a very social bird , rarely seen alone .
When the chicks hatch , they have no feathers , and have their eyes closed for approximately 3 weeks .
When eating the fruit , it uses its bill to dissect the fruit , and then tosses its head back to swallow the fruit whole .
It is the national bird of Belize .
The plumage of the Keel-billed Toucan is mainly black with a yellow neck and chest .
Including its bill , the Keel-billed Toucans ranges in length from around 42 to 55 cm ( 17 to 22 in ) .
While the bill seems large and cumbersome , it is in fact a spongy , hollow bone covered in keratin , a very light and hard protein .
The bill is mainly green with a red tip and orange sides .
The chicks stay in their nest for approximately eight to nine weeks while their bills develop fully and they are ready to fledge from the nest .
It travels in small flocks of approximately six to twelve individuals through lowland rainforests ; it is a poor flyer , and moves mostly by hopping through trees .
The eggs hatch approximately 15-20 days after being laid .
Keel-billed toucans have zygodactyl feet ( or feet with toes facing in different directions ) - two toes face forward and two face back .
After hatching , the male and female again take turns feeding the chicks .
The diet of Keel-billed Toucans consists mostly of a wide range of fruit , but may also include insects , eggs , nestlings and small reptiles .
Molting occurs once per year .
Sex reassignment surgery ( initialized as SRS ; also known as gender reassignment surgery ( GRS ) , genital reconstruction surgery , sex affirmation surgery or sex realignment surgery ) is a term for the surgical procedures by which a person 's physical appearance and function of their existing sexual characteristics are altered to resemble that of the other sex .
It contains two prominent super star clusters with different histories .
It has formed stars at a rate 100 times greater than that of our galaxy during the last 100 million years .
NGC 1569 is a dwarf irregular galaxy in Camelopardalis .
These results , along with the results from other dwarf galaxies such as the Large Magellanic Cloud and NGC 1705 , demonstrate that star formation in dwarf galaxies does not occur continuously but instead occurs in a series of short , nearly instantaneous bursts .
Super star cluster A , located in the northwest of the galaxy and actually formed of two close clusters ( NGC 1569 A1 and NGC 1569 A2 ) , contains young stars ( including Wolf-Rayet stars ) that formed less than 5 million years ago ( in NGC 1569 A1 ) as well as older red stars ( in NGC 1569 A2 ) .
However , in 2008 scientists studying images from Hubble calculated the galaxy 's distance at nearly 11 million light-years away , about 4 million light-years farther than previous thought and making it a member of the IC 342 group of galaxies .
The many supernovae produced in the galaxy as well as the strong stellar winds of its stars have produced filaments and bubbles of ionized hydrogen with respective sizes of up to 3,700 and 380 light years that shine excited by the light of the young stars contained within them and that are conspicuous on images taken with large telescopes .
NGC 1569 's starburst its believed to have been triggered by interactions with other galaxies of the IC 342 group , most notably a nearby cloud of neutral hydrogen .
Super star cluster B , located near the center of the galaxy , contains an older stellar population of red giants and red supergiants .
While this faint galaxy is not a popular amateur astronomy target , it is well studied by professional astronomers , who are interested in the history of star formation within the galaxy .
Both of these star clusters are thought to have masses equivalent to the masses of the globular clusters in the Milky Way ( approximately ( 6-7 ) × 105 solar masses ) .
Numerous smaller star clusters , some of them having masses similar to those of small globular clusters or R136 in the Large Magellanic Cloud , with relatively young ages ( between 2 million years and 1 billion years ) have also been identified .
NGC 1569 is smaller than the Small Magellanic Cloud , but brighter than the latter or the Large Magellanic Cloud The most notable feature of NGC 1569 is its powerful starburst .
The galaxy is relatively nearby .
There are many standard sizes , the largest of which is the Olympic-size swimming pool .
A swimming pool , swimming bath , wading pool , paddling pool , or simply a pool , is a container filled with water intended for swimming or water-based recreation .
This source includes writings of all sorts from `` literary novels and specialist journals to everyday newspapers and magazines and from Hansard to the language of chatrooms , emails , and weblogs '' , unlike some sources which use texts from only specific sources .
The Reading Teachers Book of Lists claims that the first 25 words make up about one-third of all printed material in English , and that the first 100 make up about one-half of all written material .
Note also that these top 100 lemmas listed below account for 50 % of all the words in the Oxford English Corpus .
It is based on an analysis of the Oxford English Corpus of over a billion words , and represents one study done by Oxford Online , associated with the Oxford English Dictionary .
In 2012 , WWE announced that Hell in a Cell will be moving to late October , leaving only one pay-per-view in October .
The only way to win is by pinfall or submission inside the ring .
WWE Hell in a Cell is a professional wrestling event produced annually by WWE , a Connecticut-based professional wrestling promotion , and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view ( PPV ) .
Under the Brand Extension , WWE assigns its performers to either Raw or SmackDown , which cause matches to be set up between wrestlers on the same show .
Since its origin , the event has been held only in indoor arenas in the United States .
Hell in a Cell was chosen over No Escape , Locked Up and Rage in a Cage .
The concept of the show is based around WWE 's established Hell in a Cell match , in which competitors fight inside a 20-foot-high roofed cell structure surrounding the ring and ringside area .
The event was established in 2009 , replacing No Mercy in the early October slot of WWE 's pay-per-view calendar .
Championship bouts are scheduled on every card , with the lower-tier titles featured on the undercard and the top-tier featured on the main card .
The Hell in a Cell is a 24-foot-high roofed cell structure surrounding the ring and ringside area .
Each main event match of the card is contested under the Hell in a Cell stipulation .
Little of that wall remains .
Especially famous is the wall built between 220-206 BC by the first Emperor of China , Qin Shi Huang .
Later , the Han , Sui , and the Northern dynasties all repaired , rebuilt , or expanded sections of the Great Wall at great cost to defend themselves against northern invaders .
The collection of walls known today as the Great Wall of China was referred by a number of different names .
On some fossil remains of Man p119-159 .
On the relations of Man to the lower animals p57-112 .
Robert Chambers in his anonymous Vestiges also clearly made the point .
A neanderthal skull-cap and other bones had been found , and various remains of early Homo sapiens .
Darwin 's sequel came eight years later , with The Descent of Man , and Selection in Relation to Sex ( 1871 ) .
Evidence as to Man 's Place in Nature is an 1863 book by Thomas Henry Huxley , in which he gives evidence for the evolution of man and apes from a common ancestor .
In the 18th century Linnaeus and others had classified man as a primate , but without drawing evolutionary conclusions .
It was the first book devoted to the topic of human evolution , and discussed much of the anatomical and other evidence .
This chapter and its addendum contained most of the controversial material , and is still important today .
I. On the natural history of the man-like Apes p1-56 .
The book came five years after Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace announced their theory of evolution by means of natural selection , and four years after the publication of Darwin 's Origin of Species .
This contains a summary of what was known of the great apes at that time .
Huxley compares these remains with existing human races .
It was Lamarck , the first to develop a coherent theory of evolution , who discussed human evolution in this context .
In the Origin Darwin had deliberately avoided tackling human evolution , but left a gnomic trailer : `` Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history '' .
Backed by this evidence , the book proposed to a wide readership that evolution applied as fully to man as to all other life .
Addendum : A succinct history of the controversy respecting the cerrebral structure of Man and the apes p113-118 ( set in a smaller font ) .
The Importance of Being Earnest , A Trivial Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde .
The successful opening night marked the climax of Wilde 's career but also heralded his downfall .
Wilde was tipped off and Queensberry was refused admission .
His notoriety caused the play , despite its early success , to be closed after 86 performances .
After his release , he published the play from exile in Paris , but he wrote no further comic or dramatic work .
The production was released on audio cassette .
The Marquess of Queensberry , whose son Lord Alfred Douglas was Wilde 's lover , planned to present the writer with a bouquet of rotten vegetables and disrupt the show .
In 1963 , Erik Chisholm composed an opera from the play , using Wilde 's text as the libretto .
Later in a letter he said , the play , though `` extremely funny '' , was Wilde 's `` first really heartless ( one ) '' .
The Importance of Being Earnest has been revived many times since its premiere .
Bernard Shaw , for example , reviewed the play in the Saturday Review , arguing that comedy should touch as well as amuse , `` I go to the theater to be moved to laughter . ''
On 13 December 2000 , BBC Radio 3 broadcast a new adaptation directed by Howard Davies starring Geraldine McEwan as Lady Bracknell , Simon Russell Beale as Jack Worthing , Julian Wadham as Algernon Moncrieff , Geoffrey Palmer as Canon Chasuble , Celia Imrie as Miss Prism , Victoria Hamilton as Gwendolen and Emma Fielding as Cecily , with music composed by Dominic Muldowney .
To commemorate the centenary of the first performance of the play , Radio 4 broadcast a new adaptation on 13 February 1995 ; directed by Glyn Dearman , it featured Judi Dench as Lady Bracknell , Michael Hordern as Lane , Michael Sheen as Jack Worthing , Martin Clunes as Algernon Moncrieff , John Moffatt as Canon Chasuble , Miriam Margolyes as Miss Prism , Samantha Bond as Gwendolen and Amanda Root as Cecily .
The Importance of Being Earnest is Wilde 's most popular work and is continually revived .
The film was dedicated in memory of Nick Enright , Michael Jonson , Robby McNeilly Green , and Steve Irwin .
Happy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film , and was nominated for the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature and the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film .
Happy Feet is a 2006 Australian-American computer-animated musical family film , directed , produced and co-written by George Miller .
Every Emperor Penguin sings a unique song called a `` heartsong '' to attract a mate .
He is released back into the wild , with a tracking device attached to his back .
The frottola ( plural frottole ) was the predominant type of Italian popular , secular song of the late fifteenth and early sixteenth century .
Winfrey is best known for her multi-award-winning talk show The Oprah Winfrey Show which was the highest-rated program of its kind in history and was nationally syndicated from 1986 to 2011 .
On January 15 , 2008 , Winfrey and Discovery Communications announced plans to change Discovery Health Channel into a new channel called OWN : Oprah Winfrey Network .
Oprah Gail Winfrey ( born January 29 , 1954 ) is an American media proprietor , talk show host , actress , producer , and philanthropist .
In 2013 , she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama and an honorary doctorate degree from Harvard .
It was scheduled to launch in 2009 , but was delayed , and actually launched on January 1 , 2011 .
Winfrey was named `` Orpah '' after the biblical character in the Book of Ruth on her birth certificate , but people mispronounced it regularly and Oprah stuck .
In the early years of The Oprah Winfrey Show , the program was classified as a tabloid talk show .
Winfrey was born in Kosciusko , Mississippi , to an unmarried teenage mother .
I think Oprah Winfrey is the most powerful woman in the world , not just in America .
It has an alkaline pH and a numbing effect on the lips when eaten in larger doses .
In Korean cuisine , two species are used : Z. piperitum and Z. schinifolium .
This bacterial disease , which is very difficult to control , could potentially harm the foliage and fruit of citrus crops in the U.S. .
It was never an issue of harm in human consumption .
The peppercorns can also be lightly fried in order to make a spicy oil with various uses .
Important aromatic compounds of various Zanthoxylum species include : From 1968 to 2005 , the United States Food and Drug Administration banned the importation of Sichuan peppercorns because they were found to be capable of carrying citrus canker ( as the tree is in the same family , Rutaceae , as the genus Citrus ) .
The preferred recipe includes ginger oil and brown sugar cooked with a base of noodles and vegetables then rice vinegar and Sichuan pepper oil are added after cooking .
The import ban was only loosely enforced until 2002 .
Hua jiao yan ( simplified Chinese : 花椒盐 ; traditional Chinese : 花椒鹽 ; pinyin : huājiāoyán ) is a mixture of salt and Sichuan pepper , roasted and browned in a wok and served as a condiment to accompany chicken , duck and pork dishes .
In this form it is best used in stir-fry noodle dishes without hot spices .
One Himalayan specialty is the momo , a dumpling stuffed with vegetables , cottage cheese or minced yak meat , water buffalo meat or pork and flavored with Sichuan pepper , garlic , ginger and onion is served with tomato and Sichuan pepper based gravy .
In 2005 , the USDA and FDA lifted the ban , provided the peppercorns are heated to around 70 ° C ( 158 ° F ) to kill the canker bacteria before import .
Sichuan pepper is also available as an oil ( Chinese : 花椒油 , marketed as either `` Sichuan pepper oil '' , `` Bunge Prickly Ash Oil '' , or `` Hwajiaw oil '' ) .
Sichuan pepper has a unique aroma and flavor that is not hot or pungent like black , white or chili peppers .
Star anise and ginger are often used with it prominently in spicy Sichuan cuisine .
Sichuan pepper is one of the few spices important for Nepali ( Gurkha ) , Tibetan and Bhutanese cookery of the Himalayas , because few spices can be grown there .
It is believed that it can sanitize meat that may not be so fresh , although in reality it may only mask foul flavors .
Ma la ( Chinese : 麻辣 ; pinyin : málà ; literally `` numbing and spicy '' ) , common in Sichuan cooking , is a combination of Sichuan pepper and chili pepper , and it is a key ingredient in má là hot pot , the Sichuan version of the Chinese traditional dish .
The genus belongs in the rue or citrus family , and , despite its name , is not closely related to either black pepper or chili pepper .
Nepalese style chow-mein are steamed and served dry , together with a fiery Sichuan pepper sauce .
Besides Parramatta , it includes Constitution Hill , Dundas Valley , Granville , Harris Park , Holroyd , Mays Hill , North Parramatta , Oatlands , Old Toongabbie , Rosehill , Rydalmere , Telopea , Wentworthville , Westmead and parts of Dundas , Ermington , Guildford , Merrylands , Merrylands West , Northmead , North Rocks , Pendle Hill , South Granville and South Wentworthville .
It is named for the locality of Parramatta .
The Division of Parramatta is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales .
The division is based in the western suburbs of Sydney .
The name Parramatta has been sourced to an Aboriginal word for the area .
The division was created in 1900 and was one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election .
There are three main classifications of anaphylaxis .
There is also an immunologic mechanism that does not rely on IgE , but it is not known if this occurs in humans .
A multi-year course of subcutaneous desensitization has been found effective against stinging insects , while oral desensitization is effective for many foods .
Blood testing for specific IgE can be useful to confirm milk , egg , peanut , tree nut and fish allergies .
Hoarseness , pain with swallowing , or a cough may also occur .
Skin allergy testing ( such as patch testing ) is available for certain foods and venoms .
The term comes from the Greek words ἀνά ana , against , and φύλαξις phylaxis , protection .
The most common are β-lactam antibiotics ( such as penicillin ) followed by aspirin and NSAIDs .
If someone has a reaction to penicillins their risk of a reaction to cephalosporins is greater but still less than one in 1000 .
Anaphylaxis to aspirin and NSAIDs occurs in about one in every 50,000 persons .
It typically causes a number of symptoms including an itchy rash , throat swelling , and low blood pressure .
The old radiocontrast agents caused reactions in 1 % of cases while the newer lower osmolar agents cause reactions in 0.04 % of cases .
Anaphylaxis to penicillins or cephalosporins only occurs after they bind to proteins inside the body with some agents binding more easily than other .
Gastrointestinal symptoms may include crampy abdominal pain , diarrhea , and vomiting .
Children can outgrow their allergies .
Epinephrine ( adrenaline ) is the primary treatment for anaphylaxis with no absolute contraindication to its use .
Rarely very low blood pressure may be the only sign of anaphylaxis .
In this situation if epinephrine is not effective intravenous glucagon can be administered which has a mechanism of action independent of β-receptors .
Methylene blue has been used in those not responsive to other measures due to its presumed effect of relaxing smooth muscle .
People with atopic diseases such as asthma , eczema , or allergic rhinitis are at high risk of anaphylaxis from food , latex , and radiocontrast but not from injectable medications or stings .
Venom from stinging or biting insects such as Hymenoptera ( bees and wasps ) or Triatominae ( kissing bugs ) may cause anaphylaxis in susceptible people .
Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death .
Minor adverse effects from epinephrine include tremors , anxiety , headaches , and palpitations .
One study in children found that 60 % had a history of previous atopic diseases , and of those who die from anaphylaxis more than 90 % have asthma .
Antigen-bound IgE then activates FcεRI receptors on mast cells and basophils .
These mediators subsequently increase the contraction of bronchial smooth muscles , trigger vasodilation , increase the leakage of fluid from blood vessels , and cause heart muscle depression .
The action plan usually includes use of epinephrine autoinjectors , the recommendation to wear a medical alert bracelet , and counseling on avoidance of triggers .
Worldwide , 0.05-2 % of the population is estimated to have anaphylaxis at some point in life , and rates appear to be increasing .
A second dose is needed in 16-35 % of episodes with more than two doses rarely required .
Common causes include insect bites\/stings , foods , and medications .
Other features may include a runny nose and swelling of the conjunctiva .
Skin testing is available to confirm penicillin allergies , but is not available for other medications .
Dilation of blood vessels around the brain may cause headaches .
Anaphylaxis to penicillin occurs once in every 2,000 to 10,000 courses of treatment , with death occurring in less than one in every 50,000 courses of treatment .
While a fast heart rate caused by low blood pressure is more common , a Bezold-Jarisch reflex has been described in 10 % of cases , where a slow heart rate is associated with low blood pressure .
Respiratory symptoms and signs that may be present include shortness of breath , wheezes , or stridor .
Swelling of the tongue or throat occurs in up to about 20 % of cases .
Pseudoanaphylaxis or anaphylactoid reactions are a type of anaphylaxis that does not involve an allergic reaction but is due to direct mast cell degranulation .
These include agents such as contrast medium , opioids , temperature ( hot or cold ) , and vibration .
Anaphylactic shock is associated with systemic vasodilation that causes low blood pressure which is by definition 30 % lower than the person 's baseline or below standard values .
Intravenous epinephrine however has been associated both with dysrhythmia and myocardial infarction .
It can sometimes be difficult to distinguish anaphylaxis from asthma , syncopy , and panic attacks .
Immunotherapy is available for certain triggers to prevent future episodes of anaphylaxis .
It is managed in the same manner as anaphylaxis .
People prone to anaphylaxis are advised to have an `` allergy action plan '' , and parents are advised to inform schools of their children 's allergies and what to do in case of an anaphylactic emergency .
Corticosteroids are unlikely to make a difference in the current episode of anaphylaxis , but may be used in the hope of decreasing the risk of biphasic anaphylaxis .
The injection may be repeated every 5 to 15 minutes if there is insufficient response .
Non-immune anaphylaxis is the current term use by the World Allergy Organization with some recommending that the old terminology no longer be used .
By age 16 , 80 % of children with anaphylaxis to milk or eggs and 20 % who experience isolated anaphylaxis to peanuts can tolerate these foods .
In the immunologic mechanism , immunoglobulin E ( IgE ) binds to the antigen ( the foreign material that provokes the allergic reaction ) .
The skin may also be blue tinged because of lack of oxygen .
This leads to the release of inflammatory mediators such as histamine .
It is recommended that an epinephrine solution be given intramuscularly into the mid anterolateral thigh as soon as the diagnosis is suspected .
Non-immunologic mechanisms involved substances that directly cause the degranulation of mast cells and basophils .
A 2007 Cochrane review did not find any good-quality studies upon which to base recommendations and they are not believed to have an effect on airway edema or spasm .
Allergy testing may help in determining the trigger .
In Western cultures , ingestion of or exposure to peanuts , wheat , nuts , certain types of seafood like shellfish , milk , and eggs are the most prevalent causes .
The most common areas affected include : skin ( 80-90 % ) , respiratory ( 70 % ) , gastrointestinal ( 30-45 % ) , heart and vasculature ( 10-45 % ) , and central nervous system ( 10-15 % ) with usually two or more being involved .
Sesame is common in the Middle East , while rice and chickpeas are frequently encountered as sources of anaphylaxis in Asia .
Those with underlying coronary disease are at greater risk of cardiac effects from anaphylaxis .
The wheezing is typically caused by spasms of the bronchial muscles while stridor is related to upper airway obstruction secondary to swelling .
On a mechanistic level , anaphylaxis is caused by the release of mediators from certain types of white blood cells triggered either by immunologic or non-immunologic mechanisms .
Epinephrine autoinjectors used for self-administration typically come in two doses , one for adults or children who weigh more than 25 kg and one for children who weigh 10 to 25 kg .
Many foods can trigger anaphylaxis ; this may occur upon the first known ingestion .
The recurrence typically occurs within 8 hours .
Any medication may potentially trigger anaphylaxis .
Anaphylaxis typically presents many different symptoms over minutes or hours with an average onset of 5 to 30 minutes if exposure is intravenous and 2 hours for foods .
The Academy Award for Best Animated Feature is given each year for animated films .
The Academy Awards are given each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) for the best films and achievements of the previous year .
Early carburization used a direct application of charcoal packed onto the metal ( initially referred to as case hardening ) , but modern techniques apply carbon-bearing gases or plasmas ( such as carbon dioxide or methane ) .
There is some evidence that the Pictish language may have had close ties to Common Brittonic and might be a fifth branch .
Common Brittonic ( also called Common Brythonic , British , Old Brythonic , or Old Brittonic ) was an ancient P-Celtic language spoken in Britain .
It was the language of the Celtic people known as the Britons , and by the 6th century it split into the various Brittonic languages : Welsh , Cumbric , Cornish , and Breton .
Common Brittonic survived into the Middle Ages in Southern Scotland and Cumbria-see Cumbric .
Common Brittonic was later replaced in most of Scotland by Gaelic and south of the Firth of Forth also by Old English ( which later developed into Scots ) .
Evidence from Welsh shows a great influence from Latin on Common Brittonic during the Roman period , and especially so in terms related to the Church and Christianity , which are nearly all Latin derivatives .
Common Brittonic is a form of Insular Celtic , which is descended from Proto-Celtic , a hypothetical parent language that by the first half of the first millennium BC was already diverging into separate dialects or languages .
Common Brittonic was gradually replaced by English throughout England ; in the north , Cumbric disappeared as late as the 13th century and , in the south , Cornish was effectively a dead language by the 19th century , although attempts to revitalize it have met with some success .
They have fangs connected to secretory glands ; it is still unknown whether these glands secrete digestive juices or venom , or whether remipedes feed primarily on detritus or on living organisms .
They have a generally primitive body plan in crustacean terms , and have been thought to be a basal , ancestral crustacean group .
They are generally slow-moving .
The swimming appendages are lateral on each segment , and the animals swim on their backs .
However , Fanenbruck et al. showed that at least one species , Godzilliognomus frondosus , has a highly organised and well-differentiated brain , with a particularly large olfactory area which is a common feature for species that live in dark environments .
Remipedia is a class of blind crustaceans found in coastal aquifers which contain saline groundwater , with populations identified in almost every ocean basin so far explored , including in Australia , the Caribbean Sea , the Atlantic Ocean .
Remipedes are 10-40 millimetres ( 0.4-1 .6 in ) long and comprise a head and an elongate trunk of up to forty-two similar body segments .
The first described remipede was the fossil Tesnusocaris goldichi ( Lower Pennsylvanian ) , but , since 1979 , at least seventeen living species have been identified with global distribution throughout the neo-tropical zone .
The symbolist painters used mythological and dream imagery .
The works of Edgar Allan Poe , which Baudelaire admired greatly and translated into French , were a significant influence and the source of many stock tropes and images .
Symbolists believed that art should represent absolute truths that could only be described indirectly .
Auguste Rodin is sometimes considered a symbolist sculptor .
More a philosophy than an actual style of art , symbolism in painting influenced the contemporary Art Nouveau style and Les Nabis .
The symbols used by symbolism are not the familiar emblems of mainstream iconography but intensely personal , private , obscure and ambiguous references .
Symbolism was a late nineteenth-century art movement of French , Russian and Belgian origin in poetry and other arts .
In literature , the style had its beginnings with the publication Les Fleurs du mal ( The Flowers of Evil , 1857 ) by Charles Baudelaire .
There were several rather dissimilar groups of Symbolist painters and visual artists , which included Gustave Moreau , Gustav Klimt , Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis , Odilon Redon , Pierre Puvis de Chavannes , Henri Fantin-Latour , Gaston Bussière , Edvard Munch , Félicien Rops , and Jan Toorop .
Symbolism in painting was even more widespread geographically than symbolism in poetry , affecting Mikhail Vrubel , Nicholas Roerich , Victor Borisov-Musatov , Martiros Saryan , Mikhail Nesterov , Léon Bakst , Elena Gorokhova in Russia , as well as Frida Kahlo in Mexico , Elihu Vedder , Remedios Varo , Morris Graves and David Chetlahe Paladin in the United States .
The name `` symbolist '' itself was first applied by the critic Jean Moréas , who invented the term to distinguish the symbolists from the related decadents of literature and of art .
Distinct from , but related to , the style of literature , symbolism of art is related to the gothic component of Romanticism .
The ballet was first presented at the Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux in Bordeaux , France on 1 July 1789 .
La Fille mal gardée is one of the oldest and most important works in the modern ballet repertory , having been kept alive throughout its long performance history by way of many revivals .
She received a photoshoot for an issue of WWE Magazine .
WWE Diva Search is a talent competition held by WWE .
Jaime Koeppe was named the first WWE Diva Search winner .
WWE also hired several of the eliminated Diva contestants including : Maryse Ouellet , The Garcia Twins , Rebecca DiPietro , Brooke Adams , Amy Zidian , and Milena Roucka .
On September 15 , 1821 , after the final Spanish defeat in the Mexican War of Independence ( 1810-21 ) , the authorities in Guatemala declared the independence of all of Central America .
From colonial times to now , Costa Rica 's reluctance to become politically tied with the rest of Central America has been a major obstacle to efforts for greater regional integration .
Since the main market for the coffee was in Europe , it soon became a high priority to develop a transportation route from the Central Plateau to the Atlantic Ocean .
Costa Rica became a `` rural democracy '' with no oppressed mestizo or indigenous class .
All of them have been widely regarded by the international community as peaceful and transparent .
Despite enormous difficulties with construction , disease , and financing , the railroad was completed in 1890 .
Having enacted these reforms , the junta relinquished its power on November 8 , 1949 , to the new democratic government .
In 1917-19 , General Federico Tinoco Granados ruled as a military dictator until he was overthrown and forced into exile .
The unpopularity of Tinoco 's regime led , after he was overthrown , to a considerable decline in the size , wealth , and political influence of the Costa Rican military .
For this purpose , in the 1870s , the Costa Rican government contracted with U.S. businessman Minor C. Keith to build a railroad to the Caribbean port of Limón .
After the coup d'état , Figueres became a national hero , winning the country 's first democratic election under the new constitution in 1953 .
Since then , Costa Rica has held 14 presidential elections , the latest in 2014 .
In 1948 , José Figueres Ferrer led an armed uprising in the wake of a disputed presidential election between the previous president Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia ( he served as president between 1940 and 1944 ) and Otilio Ulate Blanco .
With more than 2,000 dead , the resulting 44-day Costa Rican Civil War was the bloodiest event in Costa Rica during the 20th century .
It was not long before Spanish settlers turned to the hills , where they found rich volcanic soil and a milder climate than that of the lowlands .
Like the rest of Central America , Costa Rica never fought for independence from Spain .
Costa Rica was described as `` the poorest and most miserable Spanish colony in all America '' by a Spanish governor in 1719 .
Coffee was first planted in Costa Rica in the early 19th century , and was first shipped to Europe in 1843 , soon becoming Costa Rica 's first major export .
Historically , Costa Rica has generally enjoyed greater peace and more consistent political stability compared with many of its fellow Latin American nations .
Costa Rica 's distance from the capital in Guatemala , its legal prohibition under Spanish law to trade with its southern neighbors in Panama , then part of the Viceroyalty of New Granada ( i.e. , Colombia ) , and the lack of resources , such as gold and silver , made Costa Rica into a poor , isolated , and sparsely inhabited region within the Spanish Empire .
In exchange for completing the railroad , the Costa Rican government granted Keith large tracts of land and a lease on the train route , which he used to produce bananas and export them to the United States .
For all these reasons , Costa Rica was , by and large , unappreciated and overlooked by the Spanish Crown and left to develop on its own .
Most of the coffee exported was grown around the main centers of population in the Central Plateau and then transported by oxcart to the Pacific port of Puntarenas .
United States convicts , Italians and Chinese immigrants also participated in the construction project .
In 1824 , the Costa Rican capital was moved to San José , leading to a brief outburst of violence over rivalry with the old capital , Cartago .
During most of the colonial period , Costa Rica was the southernmost province of the Captaincy General of Guatemala , which was nominally part of the Viceroyalty of New Spain ( i.e. , Mexico ) , but which , in practice , operated as a largely autonomous entity within the Spanish Empire .
The considerable distance and poor communication routes between Guatemala City and the Central Plateau , where most of the Costa Rican population lived then and still lives now , meant the local population had little allegiance to the federal government in Guatemala .
Like other Central American nations , Costa Rica joined the short-lived First Mexican Empire of Agustín de Iturbide but , after its collapse in 1823 , Costa Rica became , instead , a province of the new Federal Republic of Central America , which theoretically existed from 1823 to 1839 , but which exercised a very loose authority over its constituent provinces , particularly the poor and remote Costa Rica .
As a result , bananas came to rival coffee as the principal Costa Rican export , while foreign-owned corporations ( including the United Fruit Company ) began to hold a major role in the national economy .
Another important factor behind Costa Rica 's poverty was the lack of a significant indigenous population available for Encomienda ( forced labor ) , which meant most of the Costa Rican settlers had to work on their own land , preventing the establishment of large haciendas ( properties ) .
Most Afro-Costa Ricans , who constitute about 3 % of the country 's population , descend from Jamaican immigrants who worked in the construction of that railway .
Historians have classified the indigenous people of Costa Rica as belonging to the Intermediate Area , where the peripheries of the Mesoamerican and Andean native cultures overlapped .
The victorious rebels formed a government junta that abolished the military altogether , and oversaw the drafting of a new constitution by a democratically elected assembly .
That date is still celebrated as Independence Day in Costa Rica , even though , technically , under the Spanish Constitution of 1812 that had been readopted in 1820 , Nicaragua and Costa Rica had become an autonomous province with its capital in León .
While civil wars raged both among the provinces of the Federal Republic of Central America and between political factions within individual provinces , Costa Rica remained largely at peace .
Costa Rica ( i \/ ˌkoʊstə ˈriːkə \/ , meaning `` rich coast '' in Spanish ) , officially the Republic of Costa Rica ( Spanish : Costa Rica or República de Costa Rica , pronounced : ( reˈpuβlika ðe ˈkosta ˈrika ) ) , is a country in Central America , bordered by Nicaragua to the north , Panama to the southeast , the Pacific Ocean to the west , and the Caribbean Sea to the east .
Accounts differ as to whether the name la costa rica ( Spanish for `` rich coast '' ) was first applied by Christopher Columbus , who sailed to the eastern shores of Costa Rica during his final voyage in 1502 , and reported the presence of vast quantities of gold jewelry among the natives or by the conquistador Gil González Dávila , who landed on the west coast in 1522 , met with the natives , and appropriated some of their gold .
Coffee production would remain Costa Rica 's principal source of wealth well into the 20th century .
Most of the native population was absorbed into the Spanish-speaking colonial society through inter-marriage , except for some small remnants , the most significant of which are the Bribri and Boruca tribes who still inhabit the mountains of the Cordillera de Talamanca , in the southern part of Costa Rica , near the frontier with Panama .
In 1838 , long after the Federal Republic of Central America ceased to function in practice , Costa Rica formally withdrew and proclaimed itself sovereign .
The Commonwealth realms , not addressed in the list of personal unions , are contemporary independent states that share the same person as monarch .
Flux of Pink Indians were an English anarcho-punk\/post punk band , that originated from Bishop 's Stortford , Hertfordshire , England .
His early career was as a modeller for Duesbury at the china factory on Nottingham Road in Derby , England .
Coffee also produced a terra cotta copy of the Florentine Boar ( 1806 ) and a number of terra cotta statues of Greek figures representing medicine and healing for the garden of Joseph Strutt .
This bust is a fine example of Coffee 's modelling skills and is now on display at Derby Museum .
William John Coffee ( 1774-1846 ) was an internationally renowned English artist and sculptor who worked in porcelain , plaster , and terra cotta .
Joseph Strutt 's garden was given to the town as Derby Arboretum in 1840 complete with statues , but those of the Greek figures are now missing or lost .
Coffee emigrated from England to New York City in 1816 , where he became famous as a sculptor for American historical figures such as James Madison and Thomas Jefferson .
He also made the ornamental plaster mouldings for Jefferson 's house and for the University of Virginia .
He also worked in oil paint , although this was not the medium for which he became famous .
During his time in Derby , Coffee made busts of some of the local dignitaries and historic figures including a life size bust of Erasmus Darwin .
Coffee also made a 10-foot-tall ( 3.0 m ) terra cotta statue of Asclepius , the Greek god of medicine , for William Strutt 's Derbyshire Infirmary which was mounted above a dome at the very pinacle of the newly designed hospital .
The latter part of his life was spent in America .
This implies that the medial temporal lobe is heavily involved in explicit learning , but not in implicit learning .
However , these same amnesiac patients performed at the same rate as healthy controls on implicit learning tests .
Research by Meulemans and Van der Linden ( 2003 ) found that amnesiac patients with damage to the medial temporal lobe performed more poorly on explicit learning tests than did healthy controls .
The precise location of storage is unknown , but the temporal cortex has been proposed as a likely candidate .
Explicit memory ( declarative memory ) refers to all memories that are consciously available .
Long term memory is commonly broken down into explicit memory ( declarative ) , which includes episodic memory , semantic memory , and autobiographical memory , and implicit memory ( procedural memory ) .
In Zoroastrian tradition , the `` chaotic '' is represented by Angra Mainyu ( also referred to as `` Ahriman '' ) , the `` Destructive Principle '' , while the benevolent is represented through Ahura Mazda 's Spenta Mainyu , the instrument or `` Bounteous Principle '' of the act of creation .
As expressions and aspects of Creation , Ahura Mazda emanated the Amesha Spentas ( `` Bounteous Immortals '' ) , that are each the hypostasis and representative of one aspect of that Creation .
In Zoroastrianism , the creator Ahura Mazda is all good , and no evil originates from him .
By the time of the founding of the Achaemenid Empire , Zoroastrianism was already a well-established religion .
Zoroastrians believe that there is one universal , transcendent , supreme god , Ahura Mazda , or the ` Wise Lord ' .
The cause of primary spontaneous pneumothorax is unknown , but established risk factors include male sex , smoking , and a family history of pneumothorax .
This condition is a medical emergency that can cause steadily worsening oxygen shortage and low blood pressure .
A friend and critic of Niccolò Machiavelli , he is considered one of the major political writers of the Italian Renaissance .
Francesco Guicciardini ( Italian : ( franˈtʃesko ɡwittʃarˈdiːni ) ; 6 March 1483 - 22 May 1540 ) was an Italian historian and statesman .
The boy was sent by his father to study law at the universities of Ferrara and Padua , where he stayed until the year 1505 .
Leo X made him governor of Reggio in 1516 and Modena in 1517 .
Other songs and marches have been influenced by `` Advance Australia Fair '' , such as the Australian vice-regal salute .
`` Advance Australia Fair '' is the official national anthem of Australia .
`` Advance Australia Fair '' received 43.29 % of the vote , defeating the three alternatives , `` Waltzing Matilda '' ( 28.28 % ) , `` Song of Australia '' ( 9.65 % ) and the existing national anthem , `` God Save the Queen '' ( 18.78 % ) .
For example , Australia 's national broadcaster , the Australian Broadcasting Commission , used it to announce its news bulletins until 1952 .
The oldest known insect ( Rhyniognatha hirsti ) , which resembles the modern springtails , was found in the Rhynie chert , pushing dates for the origination of insects back to the Silurian period .
Fungal hyphae can be seen entering plant material , acting as decomposers and mycorrhizal symbionts .
The Rhynie chert contains exceptionally preserved plant , fungus , lichen and animal material preserved in place by an overlying volcanic deposit .
The bulk of the fossil bed consists of primitive plants ( which had water-conducting cells and sporangia , but no true leaves ) , along with arthropods , lichens , algae and fungi .
Second , these cherts are famous for their exceptional state of ultrastructural preservation , with individual cell walls easily visible in polished specimens .
This fossil bed is remarkable for two reasons .
A second unit , the Windyfield chert , is located some 700 m from the Rhynie .
Stomata have been counted and lignin remnants detected in the plant material , and the breathing apparatus of trigonotarbids-of the class Arachnida - ( known as book lungs ) can be seen in cross-sections .
It is exposed near the village of Rhynie , Aberdeenshire , Scotland ; a second unit , the Windyfield chert , is located some 700 m away .
Coordinates : 57 ° 20 ′ 12 ″ N 002 ° 50 ′ 29 ″ W \/ 57.33667 ° N 2.84139 ° W \/ 57.33667 ; -2.84139 The Rhynie chert is an Early Devonian sedimentary deposit exhibiting extraordinary fossil detail or completeness ( a Lagerstätte ) .
First , the age of the site ( Pragian , Early Devonian , formed about 410 million years ago ) places it at an early stage in the colonisation of land .
He played high school football at Tuscaloosa County High School .
McClain signed a three-year deal with the San Diego Chargers on March 14 , 2012 .
He played college football for the University of Alabama , and was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens 137th overall in the fourth round of the 2007 NFL Draft .
McClain signed a one-year deal with the Kansas City Chiefs on August 3 , 2011 , after the Baltimore Ravens signed fullback Vonta Leach .
Le'Ron De'Mar McClain ( born December 27 , 1984 ) is an American football fullback who is currently a free agent .
During his last two years as a Raven , McClain lost carries to Willis McGahee and Ray Rice .
Pine Villa Football Club was formed in 1895 , though the club changed its appearance and name in 1899 to Oldham Athletic Football Club .
Oldham Athletic Association Football Club is a professional football club based at Boundary Park , on Furtherwood Road off Sheepfoot Lane in Oldham , Greater Manchester , England .
He is currently the head coach for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League ( NFL ) , a position he assumed in January 2012 .
Pagano has previously served as the defensive coordinator of the Baltimore Ravens in 2011 .
Charles David `` Chuck '' Pagano ( born October 2 , 1960 ) is an American football coach and former player .
More recently , he has acted in Cow Belles and The Cheetah Girls , and the television series Kevin Hill , Sue Thomas : F.B. Eye , and Instant Star .
He is probably best known for hosting the game show Trash to Treasure and his role as `` Dude '' in The N 's television series About a Girl .
Sandy has starred in many theatrical productions , including the one man show Full Committed , in which he played 40 characters .
Robson 's breakthrough role was in Crazy Canucks , the story of the 1974 World Cup ski champions .
Sandy Wayne Robson ( born November 6 , 1973 ) is a Canadian actor .
( His background as a giant slalom downhill skier was useful for the film . )
Snowbird Ice Cream offered 21 flavors , a novel concept at that time .
In the 1970s , the chain went international , opening stores in Japan , Saudi Arabia , Korea and Australia.Baskin-Robbins also was the first to introduce ice cream cakes to the public .
Baskin-Robbins is the world 's largest chain of ice cream specialty shops and is based in Canton , Massachusetts .
The Baskin-Robbins ice cream parlors started as separate ventures of Burt Baskin and Irv Robbins , who owned Burton 's Ice Cream Shop ( opened in 1945 ) and Snowbird Ice Cream ( opened in 1946 ) , respectively .
This often involved a change of location from the hilltop into the plain .
Caesar pointed out that each tribe of Gaul would have several oppida but that they were not all of equal importance , perhaps implying some form of settlement hierarchy .
In conquered lands , the Romans used the infrastructure of the oppida to administer the empire , and many became full Roman towns .
Oppidum is a Latin word meaning the main settlement in any administrative area of ancient Rome .
While some oppida grew from hill forts , by no means all of them had significant defensive functions .
The development of oppida was a milestone in the urbanisation of the continent as they were the first large settlements north of the Mediterranean that could genuinely be described as towns .
Julius Caesar described the larger Celtic Iron Age settlements he encountered in Gaul as oppida , and the term is now used to describe the large pre-Roman towns that existed all across western and central Europe .
The word is derived from the earlier Latin ob-pedum , `` enclosed space , '' possibly from the Proto-Indo-European \* pedóm - , `` occupied space '' or `` footprint . ''
Haumea , minor-planet designation 136108 Haumea , is a dwarf planet located beyond Neptune 's orbit .
He is the only player in NHL history to win the Conn Smythe Trophy ( the award given to the most valuable player in the Stanley Cup playoffs ) three times , in different decades , and for two different teams .
On November 13 , 2006 , Roy was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame .
In 2004 , Roy was selected as the greatest goaltender in NHL history by a panel of 41 writers , coupled with a simultaneous fan poll .
In Poland , bagels are sold in the bakery in Kielce 's Market Square and are well known in the city .
Damselflies ( suborder Zygoptera ) are insects in the order Odonata .
Damselflies are similar to dragonflies , but the adults can be distinguished by the fact that the wings of most damselflies are held along , and parallel to , the body when at rest .
Damselflies are also usually smaller than dragonflies and weaker fliers in comparison , and their eyes are separated .
Endorheic lakes in Antarctica are located in the McMurdo Dry Valleys , Victoria Land , the largest ice-free area in Antarctica .
Exceptions include : All these lakes are drained , however , either through manmade canals or via karstic phenomena .
Some of the Earth 's ancient endorheic systems and lakes include :
Minor additional endorheic lakes exist throughout the Mediterranean countries Spain ( e.g. Laguna de Gallocanta , Estany de Banyoles ) , Italy , Cyprus ( Larnaca and Akrotiri salt lakes ) and Greece .
The region contains several basins and terminal lakes , including : Other endorheic lakes and basins in Asia include : Australia , being very dry and having exceedingly low runoff ratios due to its ancient soils , has many endorheic drainages .
The most important are : Large endorheic regions in Africa are located in the Sahara Desert , the Kalahari Desert , and the East African Rift : Many small lakes and ponds in North Dakota and the Northern Great Plains are endorheic ; some of them have salt encrustations along their shores .
Endorheic regions can occur in any climate but are most commonly found in desert locations .
Mount Meager is part of the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt , the northernmost segment of the Cascade Volcanic Arc .
The Dodo ( Raphus cucullatus ) is an extinct flightless bird that was endemic to the island of Mauritius , east of Madagascar in the Indian Ocean .
It has been depicted with brownish-grey plumage , yellow feet , a tuft of tail feathers , a gray , naked head , and a black , yellow , and green beak .
Apart from these sketches , it is unknown how many of the twenty or so 17th-century illustrations of the Dodos were drawn from life or from stuffed specimens , which affects their reliability .
Mary Boleyn ( c. 1499\/1500 - 19 July 1543 ) was the sister of English queen consort Anne Boleyn and a member of the Boleyn family , which enjoyed considerable influence during the reign of King Henry VIII of England .
Mary was brought up with her brother George and her sister Anne by a French governess at Hever Castle in Kent .
She was also taught archery , falconry , riding , and hunting .
It was then awarded to the NHL playoff champion in 1925-26 and 1926-27 , ( along with the O'Brien Cup ) before that team would go on to face the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) champion for the Stanley Cup .
A superstition that is prevalent among many of today 's NHL players is that no player should either touch or hoist the Wales ( Eastern Conference champion ) or Clarence S. Campbell ( Western Conference champion ) Trophies after they have won the conference playoffs ; these players feel that the Stanley Cup is the true championship trophy and thus it should be the only trophy that they should be hoisting .
Named for Prince Edward , Prince of Wales ( later King Edward VIII , and then Duke of Windsor ) , the trophy was first presented in the 1925-26 NHL season to the champion of the first game in Madison Square Garden and then subsequently presented to the champion of the NHL playoffs ( including the previous two seasons ) ; however , the trophy has been awarded for eight different accomplishments throughout its history , including for the NHL regular season champions , the American Division regular season champions , the East Division season champions , the Wales Conference regular season champions , the Wales Conference playoff champions , and the Eastern Conference playoff champions .
The Prince of Wales Trophy , also known as the Wales Trophy , is an award presented by the National Hockey League ( NHL ) to the Eastern Conference ( formerly the Wales Conference ) playoff champions , prior to the final series of games for the Stanley Cup .
When the league formed two conferences in 1974 , the trophy transferred to the team that finished with the best regular season record in the Wales Conference , until 1981 , when the NHL changed its playoff format so that the two teams meeting in the Stanley Cup finals could no longer come from the same conference , and the Prince of Wales Trophy was presented to the Wales Conference playoff champions .
After the demise of the WHL , however , the Stanley Cup was awarded exclusively to the NHL playoff champion , and the Wales Trophy was given to the regular season champion .
The current holder of the Prince of Wales Trophy is the Boston Bruins after winning the 2013 Eastern Conference Championship .
With the expansion of the NHL in 1967 , and the creation of the Western Division , the Wales Trophy was given to the team that finished in first place in the Eastern Division , during the regular season .
From 1927-28 season on , the trophy was awarded to the champion of the American Division of the NHL , while the O'Brien Cup was presented to the Canadian Division champion , until 1938 , when , after the NHL reverted to a single division , the Wales Trophy was made the award for the overall regular season champion .
Seven teams each played 48 games .
The 1940-41 NHL season was the 24th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Boston Bruins were the Stanley Cup winners as they swept the Detroit Red Wings four games to none in the final series .
Note : GP = Games played , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , Pts = Points , GF = Goals for , GA = Goals against Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold .
Gramineae ) , which includes barley , maize , millet , rice , and wheat .
The flowers are typically small , enclosed by bracts , and arranged in inflorescences ( except in the genus Mayaca , with solitary terminal flowers ) .
The earliest known fossils include pollen and fruits .
Within the order , by far the most important family economically is the family of grasses ( Poaceae , syn .
It is also the largest family in the order , far outnumbering the other families :
The flowers of many species are wind pollinated ; the seeds usually contain starch .
The Poales are the most economically important order of monocots and possibly the most important order of plants in general .
The earliest fossils attributed to the Poales date to the late Cretaceous period about 66 million years ago , though some studies ( e.g. , Bremer , 2002 ) suggest the origin of the group may extend to nearly 115 million years ago , likely in South America .
The Poales are a large order of flowering plants in the monocotyledons , and includes families of plants such as the grasses , bromeliads , and sedges .
All Australian notes are now made of polymer .
In 1990 , the UK replaced these coins with smaller versions , as did New Zealand in 2006 - at the same time discontinuing the five-cent coin .
It is subdivided into 100 cents .
Cash transactions are rounded to the nearest five cents .
The Australian dollar ( sign : $ ; code : AUD ) is the currency of the Commonwealth of Australia , including Christmas Island , Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands , and Norfolk Island , as well as the independent Pacific Island states of Kiribati , Nauru and Tuvalu .
It trades in the world foreign exchange markets behind the US dollar , the euro , the yen and the pound sterling .
In 1966 , coins were introduced in denominations of 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 , 20 and 50 cents .
Australia has also made special issues of 20-cent , one-dollar and two-dollar coins .
The first polymer banknotes were issued in 1988 by the Reserve Bank of Australia , specifically polypropylene polymer banknotes ( produced by Note Printing Australia ) , to commemorate the bicentenary of European settlement in Australia .
As of 2011 , the Australian dollar is the 5th most traded currency in the world , accounting for 7.6 % of the world 's daily share .
Current Australian 5 - , 10 - and 20-cent coins are identical in size to the former Australian , New Zealand and British sixpence , shilling and two shilling ( florin ) coins .
The $ 5 note was issued in 1967 , after the public had become familiar with decimal currency .
One-dollar coins were introduced in 1984 , followed by two-dollar coins in 1988 .
With a mass of 15.55 grams and a diameter of 31.51 mm , the Australian 50-cent coin is one of the largest sized coins used in the world today .
Australia has regularly issued commemorative 50-cent coins .
The $ 1 , $ 2 , $ 10 and $ 20 notes had exact equivalents in the former pound banknotes .
It flows southeast to Mankato , then turns northeast .
His brother Marzuki Stevens is a nationally recognized marathon runner .
While in school , he studied the oboe and English horn , which he also plays on his albums .
A multi-instrumentalist , Stevens is known for his use of the banjo , but also plays guitar , piano , drums , and several other instruments , often playing all of these on his albums through the use of multitrack recording .
He attended Petoskey High School , the prestigious Interlochen Arts Academy and graduated from Harbor Light Christian School .
Stevens currently lives in Kensington , Brooklyn , in New York City , where he makes up the Brooklyn staff of Asthmatic Kitty Records .
The name was given to Stevens by the founder of Subud , an inter-faith spiritual community to which his parents belonged when he was born .
It predates Islam and most famously belonged to Abu Sufyan , a figure from early Islamic history .
Beginning with the album Michigan , Stevens announced an intent to write an album for each of the 50 U.S. states .
Sufjan Stevens ( \/ ˈsuːfjɑːn \/ SOOF-yahn ; born July 1 , 1975 ) is an American singer-songwriter and musician born in Detroit , Michigan .
Stevens was born in Detroit and lived there until the age of nine , when his family moved to Petoskey , Michigan .
In 2007 , he was also elected a vice-president of the International Association of Athletics Federations .
His father , Peter Coe ( né Percy N. Coe ) died on 9 August 2008 , aged 88 , while Coe was visiting Beijing .
She was half-Indian , born to a Punjabi father , Sardari Lal , and an English mother , Vera ( née Swan ) .
Sebastian Newbold Coe , Baron Coe , CH , KBE ( born 29 September 1956 ) , often referred to as Seb Coe or Lord Coe , is a British politician and former track and field athlete .
Coe was presented with the Lifetime Achievement award at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year in December 2012 .
He headed the successful London bid to host the 2012 Summer Olympics and became chairman of the London Organising Committee for the Olympic Games .
As a middle-distance runner , Coe won four Olympic medals , including the 1500 metres gold medal at the Olympic Games in 1980 and 1984 .
Following Coe 's retirement from athletics , he was a Member of Parliament for the Conservative Party from 1992 to 1997 , and became a Life Peer on 16 May 2000 .
These two lines : Weimar and Gotha ( - Altenburg ) form the basis of future Ernestine lines , and both have surviving male lineage up to today .
In 1596 the brothers agreed to split the duchy into Saxe-Coburg and Saxe-Eisenach .
Johann II , Duke of Saxe-Weimar ( or John II ) , died young leaving eight surviving sons ( including Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar , the youngest , the famed general ) and a will ordering them to rule jointly .
When John Frederick III of Gotha died unmarried and heirless in 1565 , John William of Weimar tried to claim succession to Saxe-Gotha , but the sons of the imprisoned John Frederick II entered their own claim .
The other Ernestine duchies were never members of the Imperial Circle , and did not have the right to vote in the reichstag as the five duchies that the other duchies did ( for example , the principalities of Meiningen and Hildburghausen were such ; that was one reason why Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen exchanged his patrimony to that of Altenburg ) .
All of the Ernestine Duchies ended with the abolition of the monarchy and princely states in Germany shortly after the end of World War I. Five of the Ernestine duchies were members of the Upper Saxon Circle of the Holy Roman Empire : Membership in the Circle gave the ruler of a state a vote in the Reichstag .
When the last duke of Saxe-Wittenberg died without heir in 1422 , the Emperor Sigismund gave the duchy to Frederick IV of the house of Wettin , Margrave of Meissen and Landgrave of Thuringia , who thereby became Frederick I , Elector of Saxony .
After the division of the inheritance of the first Altenburg line , the senior , Weimar , line held somewhat less than half of the Ernestine lands , and the junior , Gotha-Altenburg , line held more than half .
John Casimir ( d 1633 heirless ) , the older son of John Frederick II , and John Ernest ( d 1638 heirless ) , the younger son of John Frederick II , received together the territory of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach , but got a legal guardian because they were underage .
The Ernestine duchies , also called the Saxon duchies ( although also the Albertine appanage duchies of Weissenfels , Merseburg and Zeitz were `` Saxon duchies '' and located adjacent to several Ernestine ones ) , were a changing number of small states largely located in the present German state of Thuringia , governed by dukes of the Ernestine line of the House of Wettin .
Elector Ernest died in 1486 , and was succeeded by his son , Frederick III , the Wise .
It was there that Martin Luther posted his 95 Theses .
Ernest I , Duke of Saxe-Gotha ( 1601-75 ) had married Elisabeth Sophie , the only child of John Philip , Duke of Altenburg and Gotha ( 1597-1638 ) , the eldest son of Frederick William I. When Elisabeth Sophie 's cousin Frederick William III , Duke of Altenburg , died unmarried 1672 , the entire first Altenburg line went extinct in male line , opening a succession strife .
In the 1792 Session of the Reichstag , the Duke of Saxe-Weimar was also the Duke of Saxe-Eisenach , and had two votes ( as well as three-eights of all the Ernestine lands ) ; the Duke of Saxe-Altenburg was also the Duke of Saxe-Gotha ( as senior heir of both Duke John Philip and Duke Ernest the Pious ) , and had two votes ; and the Duke of Saxe-Coburg had one vote .
The three sons of John Frederick I shared the territory , with John Frederick II becoming head ( and briefly , 1554-56 , holding the electoral title ) with his seats in Eisenach and Coburg , the middle brother John William staying in Weimar ( Saxe-Weimar ) , and the youngest , John Frederick III ( namesake of the eldest brother , which thing has caused innumerable confusion in history writing ) establishing residence in Gotha ( Saxe-Gotha ) .
Albert inherited the Duchy of Saxony .
Some of the Ernestine duchies retained their separate existence until 1918 .
Duke Ernest of Gotha and Duchess Elisabeth Sophie 's numerous sons divided the inheritance ( five eights of all Ernestine lands ) initially to seven parts : Gotha-Altenburg , Coburg , Meiningen , Römhild , Eisenberg , Hildburghausen and Saalfeld .
Frederick protected Luther , refusing to extradite him to Rome for trial .
Similar events in the houses of Reuss and Schwarzburg led to all of Thuringia becoming a tangle of mini-states from the late 15th Century until the early 20th Century .
Frederick , as did other German princes , allowed Lutheran reforms to be implemented in his domain .
In 1260 Albert bequeathed the duchy to his sons John I and Albert II , who gradually divided Saxony into the duchies of Saxe-Lauenburg and Saxe-Wittenberg with definite effect of 1296 .
All sons of a Saxon duke also inherited the title of Duke .
Eventually , primogeniture became the rule for inheritance in the Ernestine Duchies , but not before the number of Ernestine duchies had risen to ten at one point .
The contenders reached agreement in 1572 in the Division of Erfurt by which John William added the districts of Altenburg , Gotha and Meiningen to Saxe-Weimar .
In c 1640 , the remaining brothers finally divided their patrimony , William remaining in Weimar , Albert ( Albrecht ) receiving seat as Duke of Eisenach and Ernest ( by-named `` the Pious '' ) also got his share and became known as Duke of Gotha .
Of them , Coburg , Römhild and Eisenberg did not survive over that one generation and were divided between the four persevering lines .
This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland .
Miyamura was born in Gallup , New Mexico to Japanese immigrant parents .
Hiroshi H. Miyamura ( born October 6 , 1925 ) , also known as Hershey Miyamura , was a United States Army soldier .
Miyamura joined the US Army in January 1945 .
Miyamura volunteered to be part of the all-Nisei 100th Infantry Battalion .
He received the Medal of Honor for actions in the Korean War .
He is a Nisei , which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American .
He endured as a prisoner of war for 28 months .
Following the war , he enlisted in the U.S. Army Reserve , and was recalled to active duty following the start of the Korean War .
Thomas died of food poisoning while working at Penny 's Pleasure Inn in Detroit , Michigan .
Thomas recorded under his own name , and as an accompanist to Hociel Thomas , Sippie Wallace , Lilian Miller and Sodarisa Miller .
Albert Ammons and Meade Lux Lewis both cited him as an influence .
His most famous track was `` Suitcase Blues '' ( 8958-A Okeh 8227 ) , which was issued on CD in 1992 as part of the box set , Roots 'N Blues : The Retrospective .
His brother George W. Thomas was also a skilled piano player , while his sister Sippie Wallace and niece Hociel Thomas were singers of note .
, `` I Feel Good '' , `` Shorty George Blues '' and `` Trouble Everywhere I Roam '' .
Thomas was born in Houston , Texas , and displayed an early talent for blues playing and composition .
Sippie Wallace recorded seven of his compositions : `` A Jealous Woman Like Me '' , `` A Man For Every Day Of The Week '' , `` Dead Drunk Blues '' , `` Have You Ever Been Down ? ''
In the 11th century , William the Conqueror brought the Talbot hound to Britain .
The Beagle is a breed of small to medium-sized dog .
Elizabeth I referred to the dogs as her singing beagles and often entertained guests at her royal table by letting her Pocket Beagles cavort amid their plates and cups .
Snoopy of the comic strip Peanuts has been promoted as `` the world 's most famous beagle '' .
Miniature breeds of beagle-type dogs were known from the times of Edward II and Henry VII , who both had packs of Glove Beagles , so named since they were small enough to fit on a glove , and Queen Elizabeth I kept a breed known as a Pocket Beagle , which stood 8 to 9 inches ( 20 to 23 cm ) at the shoulder .
Small enough to fit in a `` pocket '' or saddlebag , they rode along on the hunt .
From medieval times , beagle was used as a generic description for the smaller hounds , though these dogs differed considerably from the modern breed .
At some point the English Talbots were crossed with Greyhounds to give them an extra turn of speed .
Dogs of similar size and purpose to the modern Beagle can be traced in Ancient Greece back to around the 5th century BC .
In George Jesse 's Researches into the History of the British Dog from 1866 , the early 17th-century poet and writer Gervase Markham is quoted referring to the Beagle as small enough to sit on a man 's hand and to the : Standards for the Pocket Beagle were drawn up as late as 1901 ; these genetic lines are now extinct , although modern breeders have attempted to recreate the variety .
Xenophon , born around 430 BC , in his Treatise on Hunting or Cynegeticus refers to a hound that hunted hares by scent and was followed on foot .
Beagles were developed primarily for hunting hare , an activity known as beagling .
A member of the hound group , it is similar in appearance to the foxhound , but smaller with shorter legs and longer , softer ears .
These dogs have mostly white coats with patches of black and brown hair .
If genuine , these laws would confirm that beagle-type dogs were present in England before 1016 , but it is likely the laws were written in the Middle Ages to give a sense of antiquity and tradition to Forest Law .
Beagles have been depicted in popular culture since Elizabethan times in literature and paintings , and more recently in film , television and comic books .
Small hounds are mentioned in the Forest Laws of Canute which exempted them from the ordinance which commanded that all dogs capable of running down a stag should have one foot mutilated .
Although beagle-type dogs have existed for over 2,000 years , the modern breed was developed in Great Britain around the 1830s from several breeds , including the Talbot Hound , the North Country Beagle , the Southern Hound , and possibly the Harrier .
The Talbot was a predominantly white , slow , deep-throated , scent hound derived from the St. Hubert Hound which had been developed in the 8th century .
Run since 1929 , it is widely considered to be one of the most important and prestigious automobile races in the world , alongside the Indianapolis 500 , and the 24 Hours of Le Mans .
The Monaco Grand Prix ( French : Grand Prix de Monaco ) is a Formula One motor race held each year on the Circuit de Monaco .
The event was part of the pre-Second World War European Championship and was included in the first World Championship of Drivers in 1950 .
Her daily show Les Midis de Vero on Rythme FM is one of the most popular Quebec radio programs .
Véronique Cloutier ( born December 31 , 1974 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a popular French Canadian TV and Radio personality .
Benjamin Lincoln and later Henry Knox held the position .
The Secretary of War was a member of the United States President 's Cabinet , beginning with George Washington 's administration .
A similar position , called either `` Secretary at War '' or `` Secretary of War , '' was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789 .
When Washington was inaugurated as the first president under the Constitution , he appointed Knox to continue serving .
At first , he was responsible for all military affairs , including naval affairs .
The Secretary of War was the head of the War Department .
In 1947 , with the passing of the National Security Act of 1947 , the Secretary of War was replaced by the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force , which , along with the Secretary of the Navy , have since 1949 been non-Cabinet subordinates under the Secretary of Defense .
In 1798 , the Secretary of the Navy was created by statute , and the scope of responsibility for this office was reduced to the affairs of the United States Army .
The traditional definition of the role of the conservator involves the examination , conservation , and preservation of cultural heritage using `` any methods that prove effective in keeping that property in as close to its original condition as possible for as long as possible . ''
All of this work is supported by research and education .
Conservation activities include examination , documentation , treatment , and collections care , otherwise known as preventive conservation .
The conservator applies some simple ethical guidelines , such as : In order for the conservator to apply their professional expertise accordingly , they must take into account the views of the stakeholder , the values and meaning of the object , and the physical needs of the material , in order to decide upon an appropriate conservation strategy .
It was discovered by Johann Palisa on February 25 , 1892 in Vienna , making it one of the last large ( diameter over 200 km ) asteroids discovered .
It has an unusually long rotation period among the large asteroids .
Its high eccentricity ( for comparison 36 % higher than that of Pluto ) , though , means that at most oppositions other asteroids reach higher magnitudes .
At such an opposition Bamberga can in fact be closer to Earth than any main-belt asteroid with magnitude above +9.5 , getting as close as 0.78 AU .
Although its very high orbital eccentricity means its opposition magnitude varies greatly , at a rare opposition near perihelion Bamberga can reach a magnitude of +8.0 , which is as bright as Saturn 's moon Titan .
For comparison , 7 Iris never comes closer than 0.85 AU and 4 Vesta never closer than 1.13 AU ( when it becomes visible to the naked eye in a light pollution-free sky ) .
Overall Bamberga is the tenth brightest main-belt asteroid after , in order , Vesta , Pallas , Ceres , Iris , Hebe , Juno , Melpomene , Eunomia and Flora .
Its brightness at these rare near-perihelion oppositions makes Bamberga the brightest C-type asteroid , roughly one magnitude brighter than 10 Hygiea 's maximum brightness of around +9.1 .
Apart from the near-earth asteroid Eros , it was the last asteroid which is ever easily visible with binoculars to be discovered .
An occultation of Bamberga was observed on 8 December 1987 , and gave a diameter of about 228 km , in agreement with IRAS results .
Its spectral class is intermediate between the C-type and P-type asteroids .
324 Bamberga is one of the largest asteroids in the asteroid belt .
Such near-perihelion oppositions occur on a regular cycle every twenty-two years , with the last occurring in 1991 and the next in 2013 , when attaining magnitude 8.1 on September 13 .
Daniel Robert `` Bob '' Graham ( born November 9 , 1936 ) is an American politician and author .
Graham was then elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986 , defeating incumbent Sen. Paula Hawkins 55 to 45 percent .
Bob Graham was a founding member of the Democratic Leadership Council .
The modern organization was created in 1970 .
French geographer Onésime Reclus , brother of Élisée Reclus , coined the word Francophonie in 1880 to refer to the community of people and countries using the French language .
The organization comprises 57 member states and governments , three associate members and twenty observers .
Finally in 2005 , the adoption of a new Charter of the Francophonie ( la Charte de la Francophonie ) gives the name to the Agency of international Organization of the Francophonie ( Organisation internationale de la Francophonie ) .
Agamids usually have well-developed , strong legs .
The function g : R → R defined by g ( x ) = x2 is not surjective , because there is no real number x such that x2 = − 1 .
( In fact , the pre-image of this function for every y , -2 ≤ y ≤ 2 has more than one element . )
The French prefix sur means over or above and relates to the fact that the image of the domain of a surjective function completely covers the function 's codomain .
Any function induces a surjection by restricting its codomain to its range .
Combat in Fallout is turn-based .
Fallout is an open world role-playing video game developed and published by Interplay Entertainment in 1997 .
John Jeremy Thorpe ( born 29 April 1929 ) is a British former politician who was leader of the Liberal Party from 1967 to 1976 and Member of Parliament ( MP ) for North Devon from 1959 to 1979 .
Thorpe married Marion Stein in 1973 .
Their son Rupert was born in 1969 .
This movie belongs to a genre which represents the rural culture of Punjab .
Such was the impact of the film that it was copied by film makers in Pakistan where several films were given names with the suffix `` Jat '' .
They have no phonetic value and are never used as word signs in writing a sentence .
In all the thousands of clay tablets , a relatively small number of different `` hands '' have been detected : 45 in Pylos ( west coast of the Peloponnese , in southern Greece ) and 66 in Knossos ( Crete ) .
Linear B , found mainly in the palace archives at Knossos , Cydonia , Pylos , Thebes and Mycenae , disappeared with the fall of Mycenaean civilization during the Bronze Age Collapse .
From this fact , it could be thought that the script was used by only a guild of professional scribes who served the central palaces .
Once the palaces were destroyed , the script disappeared .
Linear B is a syllabic script that was used for writing Mycenaean Greek , the earliest attested form of Greek .
The shedding of scales is called ecdysis ( or in normal usage , molting or sloughing ) .
The skin of a snake is covered in scales .
The Division of Aston is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria .
The division is located in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne , including suburbs such as Rowville , Scoresby , Knoxfield and Wantirna .
The division was created in 1984 and is named for Tilly Aston , a blind writer and teacher who helped found the Library of the Victorian Association of Braille Writers in 1894 .
The bells of the Clock Tower in London 's Palace of Westminster are tuned to the key of E major , with the result that the Westminster Quarters in their original setting employ the notes E , F-sharp , G-sharp , and B.
If available , clarinets in A should be used instead of clarinets in B-flat ; the A clarinets would be written in G major , while the B-flats would be written in F-sharp or G-flat major .
Its relative minor is C-sharp minor , and its parallel minor is E minor .
Its key signature has four sharps ( see below : Scales and keys ) .
Though E major is a very difficult key for wind instruments , it is acceptable for orchestral strings , and quite suitable for the guitar .
Joseph Smith , Jr. ( December 23 , 1805 - June 27 , 1844 ) was an American religious leader who founded the Latter Day Saint movement , the predominant branch of which is Mormonism .
Many Latter Day Saints now considered Smith a fallen prophet , but he assured them he still had the heavenly keys .
In a church-wide conference on August 8 , most of the Latter Day Saints elected Young , who led them to the Utah Territory as The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
Mandy Grace Capristo ( born March 21 , 1990 ) is a German singer , songwriter , dancer , and model .
Because of a cooperation with Peter Maffay they recorded the song `` Die Zeit hält nur in Träumen an '' ( German ) and performed on October 8 at Wetten , dass .
She won the competition with her song `` Ich wünsche mir einen Bankomat '' , which subsequently appeared on the number-one compilation album Kiddy Contest , Vol .
In addition , she got experience with Peter Maffay and learn from him the major foundations for her solo career .
Overall , they released eleven singles , which seven of eleven reached the Top 10 in the German Charts .
Capristo was four when she began gymnastics , dance and piano lessons .
In addition , she graced again in the June 2010 issue of the German cover of FHM Magazine and posed in the same calendar .
In 2001 , Capristo 's music teacher proposed her for the Kiddy Contest in Austria .
In 2009 she was voted `` Sexiest Woman in the World '' by the readers of the German FHM Magazine .
In March 2012 , Mandy announced her first solo single `` The Way I Like It '' written and produced by David Jost , which will release on April 13 .
St Pancras is owned by London and Continental Railways , along with the adjacent urban regeneration area known as King 's Cross Central , and is one of 19 stations managed by Network Rail .
When it opened , the arched Barlow train shed was the largest single-span roof in the world .
A security-sealed terminal area was constructed for Eurostar services to continental Europe via High Speed 1 and the Channel Tunnel , with platforms for domestic trains to the north and south-east of England .
The restored station has 15 platforms , a shopping center and a bus station , and is served by London Underground 's King 's Cross St. Pancras station .
It was opened in 1868 by the Midland Railway as the southern terminus of its mainline which connected London with the East Midlands and Yorkshire .
After escaping planned demolition in the 1960s , the complex was renovated and expanded during the 2000s at a cost of # 800 million with a ceremony attended by Queen Elizabeth II and extensive publicity introducing it as a public space .
St Pancras railway station , also known as London St Pancras and since 2007 as St Pancras International , is a central London railway terminus and Grade I listed building located on Euston Road in the St Pancras area of the London Borough of Camden .
It stands between the British Library , King 's Cross station and the Regent 's Canal and is a structure widely known for its Victorian architecture .
In the street , Constable Woodhams ran to help Bentley , but was himself wounded by one of the gang firing from the cover of the house , as was Sergeant Tucker , who died almost instantly .
Constable Choate and Sergeant Bentley died in separate hospitals the same day .
The gang 's leader , George Gardstein , opened the door , but when he did not answer their questions they assumed he did not understand English and told him to fetch someone who did .
Growing impatient , the two sergeants entered the house to find the room apparently empty , before they became aware of a man standing in the darkness at the top of the stairs .
Gardstein left the door half-closed and disappeared .
The gang then attempted to break out of the cul-de-sac , Gardstein being grabbed by Constable Choate almost at the entrance .
In the struggle , Choate was wounded several times by Gardstein , before being shot five more times by other members of the gang , who also managed to hit Gardstein in the back .
After a short conversation , another man entered through the yard door , rapidly firing a pistol , while the man on the stairs also started shooting .
Instead , the remains of two members of the gang , Fritz Svaars and William Sokolow ( both were also known by numerous aliases ) , were later discovered inside the building .
No sign of Peter the Painter was found .
Both officers were hit , with Bentley collapsing across the doorstep , while Bryant managed to stagger outside .
They then dragged Gardstein 3\/4 of a mile to 59 Grove Street , where he died the next day .
When the fire brigade arrived , Churchill refused them access to the building .
The defenders , though heavily outnumbered , possessed superior weapons and great stores of ammunition .
The police stood ready , guns aimed at the front door , waiting for the men inside to attempt their escape .
Six hours into the battle , and just as the field artillery piece that Churchill had authorised arrived , a fire began to consume the building .
An intense search followed for the murderers , and a number of the gang or their associates were soon arrested .
Churchill authorised calling in a detachment of Scots Guards to assist the police .
Besides the three policemen , a London firefighter also died of his injuries .
The door never opened .
The house consisted of a single ground-floor room , into which the front door directly opened , with a staircase leading to the upper floors on the left , and a door to the open yard at the back on the right .
The Siege of Sidney Street , popularly known as the `` Battle of Stepney '' , was a notorious gunfight in London 's East End on 3 January 1911 .
On 2 January 1911 , an informant told police that two or three members of the gang - possibly including the gang 's leader , Peter the Painter - were hiding at 100 Sidney Street , Stepney ( in the Metropolitan Police district ) .
The Tower of London was called for backup , and word got to the Home Secretary , Winston Churchill , who arrived on the spot to observe the incident at first hand , and to offer advice .
On 16 December 1910 , a gang attempted to break into the rear of a jeweller 's shop at 119 Houndsditch , working from 9 , 10 and 11 Exchange Buildings in the cul-de-sac behind .
Sergeants Bentley and Bryant knocked at the door of No. 11 Exchange Buildings , unaware that the first constable on the scene had already done so , thus alerting the thieves .
An adjacent shopkeeper heard their hammering , informed the City of London Police ( in whose area the shop was ) , and nine unarmed officers - three sergeants and six constables ( two in plain clothes ) - converged on Exchange Buildings .
There was frequent speculation that Wregget would take over as the starting goaltender .
In 1983 , he joined the St. Catharines Saints , the Toronto AHL affiliate , after being drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the third round of the 1982 NHL Entry Draft , 45th overall .
Wregget played for three seasons with the Lethbridge Broncos of the Western Hockey League and won the Del Wilson Trophy as the WHL 's top goaltender in 1984 .
He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs , Philadelphia Flyers , Pittsburgh Penguins , Calgary Flames , and Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League from 1983 through 2000 .
The 1986-87 season was his first full year in the NHL .
In 1992 , he was traded from the Philadelphia Flyers to the reigning champion Pittsburgh Penguins along with Kjell Samuelsson and Rick Tocchet in exchange for Mark Recchi .
He stopped Washington Capitals star Joé Juneau , extending what was the third-longest game in NHL history , the longest game since 1936 .
Wregget was generally backup to Penguins goaltender Tom Barrasso , although Wregget was regarded as a solid goaltender in his own right .
Wregget 's best season came in 1994-95 when he played in 38 games and compiled a 25-9-2 record with a 3.21 goals against average and a .903 save percentage while also leading the NHL in wins .
The Penguins finally won 3-2 in the fourth overtime period .
He won the Stanley Cup in 1992 with the Pittsburgh Penguins .
He then played one season for the Manitoba Moose of the International Hockey League in 2000-2001 before retiring at the age of 37 .
Kenneth Wregget ( born March 25 , 1964 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender .
He split time for two seasons between St. Catharines and the Maple Leafs .
In 2009 , he was inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame .
In 1996 , he faced the first penalty shot ever awarded during an overtime period in NHL playoff history .
These territories were to be incorporated into the two Bulgarian autonomous provinces as follows : The Great Powers elaborated in detail the constitutional , legislative , executive , defense and law enforcement arrangements , cantonal administrative system , taxation , international supervision etc. for the proposed autonomous provinces .
The Great Powers were represented at the conference respectively by : Lord Salisbury and Sir Henry Elliot ; Count Nikolay Ignatyev ( historical spelling Nicolai Ignatieff ) ; Count Jean-Baptiste de Chaudordy and Count François de Bourgoing ; Baron Karl von Werther ; Baron Heinrich von Calice and Count Ferenc Zichy ; Count Luigi ( Lodovico ) Corti .
The US Consul General in Constantinople , Eugene Schuyler also took an active part in drafting the conference decisions .
Of these , Lord Salisbury , Count de Chaudordy and Baron von Calice were Ambassadors Plenipotentiary to the conference , while Count Ignatyev , Sir Henry Elliot , Count de Bourgoing , Baron von Werther , Count Zichy and Count Corti were the resident Ambassadors of their countries in Constantinople .
Lord Salisbury and Count Ignatyev played a leading role in the process .
The Great Powers agreed on a substantial Bulgarian autonomy to take the form of two new Ottoman provinces ( vilayets ) established for the purpose : Eastern , with capital Tarnovo , and Western , with capital Sofia .
On his part , Salisbury saw the conference as a promising opportunity for mapping out a comprehensive deal with Russia over their conflicting territorial ambitions in Central Asia .
Following the Herzegovinian Rebellion started in 1875 and the Bulgarian Uprising in April 1876 , the Great Powers agreed on a project for political reforms both in Bosnia and in the Ottoman territories with a majority Bulgarian population .
Although the Ottoman representatives participated in the plenaries of the conference , they were not invited to the preceding working sessions at which the Great Powers negotiated their agreement .
The conference envisaged the creation of an autonomous province including Bosnia and most of Herzegovina , while a southern part of the latter was to be ceded to the Principality of Montenegro .
The Ottoman Empire was represented at the conference by : Midhat Pasha , Saffet Pasha and Edhem Pasha .
Ignatyev was trying to dispel British misgivings about Russia 's assumed role of a protector of the Orthodox Slavs being but a disguise of its drive to take over the Black Sea Straits and Constantinople itself and thus - as Prime Minister Disraeli feared - potentially threaten the vital Mediterranean routes to British India .
The conference determined that , as of the late 19th century , the Bulgarian ethnic territories within the Ottoman Empire extended to Tulcea and the Danube Delta in the northeast , Ohrid and Kastoria in the southwest , Kirklareli and Edirne in the southeast , and Leskovac and Niš in the northwest .
Midhat Pasha was the Grand Vizier ( First Minister ) , and Saffet Pasha the Foreign Minister of the Ottoman Empire .
The 1876-1877 Constantinople Conference ( Turkish : Tersane Konferansı from the conference venue Tersane Sarayı or ` Shipyard Palace ' ) of the Great Powers ( Britain , Russia , France , Germany , Austria-Hungary and Italy ) was held in Constantinople ( Istanbul ) from 23 December 1876 until 20 January 1877 .
Karol Maciej Szymanowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˌkarɔl ˌmat͡ɕɛj ʂɨmaˈnɔfskʲi ) ; 6 October 1882 - 28 March 1937 ) was a Polish composer and pianist , the most celebrated Polish composer of the early 20th century .
On occasion , an urban contemporary station will play classic soul songs from the '70s and early '80s to satisfy the earlier end of the genre .
For the Latinos , the music is more Latin urban , such as Reggaeton , Latin hip hop , or bachata .
The term was coined by the late New York DJ Frankie Crocker in the mid-1970s .
Their playlists are dominated by singles by top-selling hip hop and R&B performers .
Virtually all Urban contemporary formatted radio stations are located in cities that have sizeable African-American populations , such as New York City , Atlanta , Chicago , Washington , D.C. , Philadelphia , Detroit , Cleveland , Cincinnati , Dallas , Houston , Los Angeles , Baltimore , Memphis , Boston , New Orleans , Oklahoma City , and Charlotte .
The term `` urban contemporary '' is heavily associated with African-American music , particularly for Contemporary R&B in African-American contexts .
Urban contemporary was developed through the characteristics of genres such as R&B and soul .
Urban contemporary radio stations feature a playlist made up entirely of hip hop , R&B , electronic dance music such as dubstep and drum and bass ( often with hip hop vocalists or rappers ) , and Caribbean music such as reggae , reggaeton , zouk , bouyon , and sometimes Soca ( In Toronto , London , New York City , Boston and Miami ) .
By comparison , the magnetic field of the Sun averages 1 G ( 100 µT ) , although it can rise as high as 3 kG ( 0.3 T ) in active sunspot regions .
Today similar flare stars are classified as UV Ceti type variable stars ( using the abbreviation UV ) in variable star catalogs such as the General Catalogue of Variable Stars .
However , the best-known flare star is UV Ceti , discovered in 1948 .
Barnard 's Star , the second nearest star system , is also suspected of being a flare star .
Flares can happen once every few days , or , as in the case of Barnard 's Star , much less frequently .
The first known flare stars ( V1396 Cygni and AT Microscopii ) were discovered in 1924 .
The brightness increase is across the spectrum , from X rays to radio waves .
Additionally , nine stars similar to the Sun have also been seen to undergo flare events .
Most flare stars are dim red dwarfs , although recent research indicates that less massive brown dwarfs might also be capable of flaring .
It is a UV Ceti flare star , and has a relatively high flare rate .
The more massive RS Canum Venaticorum variables ( RS CVn ) are also known to flare , but it is understood that these flares are induced by a companion star in a binary system which causes the magnetic field to become tangled .
The Sun 's nearest stellar neighbor Proxima Centauri is a flare star that undergoes random increases in brightness because of magnetic activity .
The mean magnetic field has a strength of about 2.2 kG ( 0.2 T ) , but this varies significantly on time scales as short as six hours .
Sometimes , the singers were accompanied by instruments .
Composers of their generation , as well as later composers , such as Orlando de Lassus , were influenced by the Italian madrigal .
The first book of music printed from movable type was Harmonice Musices Odhecaton , a collection of ninety-six chansons by many composers , published in Venice in 1501 by Ottaviano Petrucci .
In its typical specialized usage , the word chanson refers to a polyphonic French song of the late Middle Ages and Renaissance .
The earliest chansons were for two , three or four voices , with first three becoming the norm , expanding to four voices by the sixteenth century .
Guillaume Dufay and Gilles Binchois , who wrote so-called Burgundian chansons ( because they were from the area known as Burgundy ) , were the most important chanson composers of the next generation ( c. 1420-1470 ) .
The first important composer of chansons was Guillaume de Machaut , who composed three-voice works in the formes fixes during the 14th century .
The terminology was suggested by their original discoverers , who had found them during stellar occultations in 1984 and 1985 .
Courage , a very faint arc found during the Voyager flyby , was seen to flare in brightness in 1998 , while more recently it was back to its usual dimness .
Visible light observations show that the total amount of material in the arcs has remained approximately constant , but they are dimmer in the infrared light wavelengths where previous observations were taken .
The brightest parts of the Adams ring , the ring arcs , were the first elements of Neptune 's ring system to be discovered .
Note : CR = Conference rank ; GP = Games played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; OTL = Overtime\/shootout loss ; GF = Goals for ; GA = Goals against ; PIM = Penalties in minutes ; Pts = Points Bolded teams qualified for the playoffs .
The 2006-07 Chicago Blackhawks season was the Hawks ' 81st season .
Final regular season standings for the 2006-07 NHL season .
The awards were created by Steven H Silver , Evelyn C. Leeper , and Robert B. Schmunk .
The Sidewise Awards for Alternate History were established in 1995 to recognize the best alternate history stories and novels of the year .
The awards take their name from the 1934 short story `` Sidewise in Time '' by Murray Leinster , in which a strange storm causes portions of Earth to swap places with their analogs from other timelines .
Over the years , the number of judges has fluctuated between three and eight , including judges in the UK and South Africa .
The Long-Form award may be presented to a work longer than 60,000 words , including both novels or complete series .
The Short-Form award is presented to a work under 60,000 words in length .
The state is one of the 13 original founding states of the United States .
The state capital is Harrisburg .
The current Governor is Tom Corbett , former Attorney General of Pennsylvania .
The state borders Delaware to the southeast , Maryland to the south , West Virginia to the southwest , Ohio to the west , Lake Erie and Ontario , Canada to the northwest , New York to the north and New Jersey to the east .
It is the 33rd largest state in the United States .
The Appalachian Mountains run through the middle of the state .
Pennsylvania i \/ ˌpɛnsɨlˈveɪnjə \/ , officially the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , is a U.S. state that is located in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States , and the Great Lakes region .
Low-Temperature Fischer-Tropsch ( LTFT ) is operated at lower temperatures and uses a cobalt based catalyst .
High-temperature Fischer-Tropsch ( or HTFT ) is operated at temperatures of 330 ° C-350 ° C and uses an iron-based catalyst .
In October 2006 , Finnish paper and pulp manufacturer UPM announced its plans to produce biodiesel by the Fischer-Tropsch process alongside the manufacturing processes at its European paper and pulp plants , using waste biomass resulting from paper and pulp manufacturing processes as source material .
This Shell facility converts natural gas into low-sulfur Diesel fuels and food-grade wax .
One of the largest implementations of Fischer-Tropsch technology is in Bintulu , Malaysia .
The Fischer-Tropsch process is a collection of chemical reactions that converts a mixture of carbon monoxide and hydrogen into liquid hydrocarbons .
A variety of catalysts can be used for the Fischer-Tropsch process , but the most common are the transition metals cobalt , iron , and ruthenium .
Sasol uses coal and now natural gas as feedstocks and produces a variety of synthetic petroleum products , including most of the country 's diesel fuel .
This process is best known for being used in the first integrated Gas-to-Liquid ( GTL ) plant operated and built by Shell in Bintulu , Malaysia .
Iron catalysts are preferred for lower quality feedstocks such as coal or biomass .
Unlike the other metals used for this process ( Co , Ni , Ru ) , which remain in the metallic state during synthesis , iron catalysts tend to form a number of phases , including various oxides and carbides during the reaction .
Most important is the water gas shift reaction , which provides a source of hydrogen at the expense of carbon monoxide : H2O + CO → H2 + CO2 For Fischer-Tropsch plants that use methane as the feedstock , another important reaction is steam reforming , which converts the methane into CO and H2 : H2O + CH4 → CO + 3 H2 Generally , the Fischer-Tropsch process is operated in the temperature range of 150-300 ° C ( 302-572 ° F ) .
Cobalt catalysts are more active for Fischer-Tropsch synthesis when the feedstock is natural gas .
Jupiter was the ruler of the gods and the protector of Rome , where his temple was the center of Roman Religion and of the cult of state .
In 62 A.D. Pompeii earthquake shook the city of Pompeii , destroying much of the Temple of Jupiter .
The Temple of Jupiter , Capitolium , or Temple of the Capitoline Triad was a temple in Roman Pompeii , at the north end of its forum .
As the most important divinity in Ancient Rome , many temples were built to honor Jupiter or the entire Capitoline Triad ( consisting of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva ) in towns newly conquered by the Romans .
The excavated temple can still be seen in Pompeii today .
After this , the much smaller Temple of Jupiter Meilichios became the main seat of worship to Jupiter and the Capitoline Triad .
The interior of the temple contained the cella , which held the statues of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva , and which only the priests were permitted to enter .
Initially dedicated to Jupiter alone , it was erected in the mid-2nd century BC at the same time as the temple of Apollo was being renovated - this was the era at which Roman influence over Pompeii increased and so Roman Jupiter superseded the Greek Apollo as the town 's highest god .
It maintained much of its autonomy , however , until the Italic Revolt against Rome at the beginning of the 1st century BC .
The temple structure was built in 150 BC to dominate the forum , and it became Pompeii 's main temple after the Roman conquest .
Pompeii was occupied by the Romans beginning in 310 BC .
The architecture of the town had been largely changed by the Greeks , but Roman rule would soon lead to alterations in this style .
Pompeii was transformed into a much more public and open place .
The original Temple of Jupiter was still awaiting restoration when Mount Vesuvius erupted in 79 , burying the town of Pompeii in volcanic dust , ash , and pumice stones .
This held true for Pompeii , where the previously existing Temple of Jupiter was enlarged and Romanized upon conquest .
Prestigious awards for her entire oeuvre up to that time include the Constantijn Huygens Prize in 1981 and the P. C. Hooft Award in 1984 .
In 1989 the city of Boston awarded her the ` Boston Certificate of Recognition ' , for her book '' In a Dark Wood Wandering '' : `` In recognition and appreciation of your outstanding contributions to the City of Boston and its residents . ''
She was awarded the Officier dans l'Ordre de la Légion d'Honneur in 2000 .
Hélène `` Hella '' Serafia Haasse ( 2 February 1918 - 29 September 2011 ) was a Dutch writer , often referred to as `` the Grand Old Lady '' of Dutch literature , and whose novel Oeroeg ( 1948 ) was a staple for generations of Dutch schoolchildren .
Haasse has an asteroid named after her .
The '' Académie Française '' awarded Haasse the Diplôme de médaille Argent in 1984 .
In 1988 Haasse was chosen to interview the Dutch Queen for her 50th birthday after which celebrated Dutch author Adriaan van Dis called Haasse `` the Queen among authors '' .
In 1992 Haasse attended the opening of the IKAPI ` International Book Fair ' in Jakarta .
Her internationally acclaimed magnum opus is `` Heren van de Thee '' , translated to `` The Tea Lords '' .
The Chilean Ministry of Education ( ` El Ministerio de education de Chile ' ) awarded her a prize for her `` universal contribution to culture '' in 1996 .
The card was first issued to the public in July 2003 with a limited range of features and there continues to be a phased introduction of further functions .
The card is designed to reduce the number of transactions at ticket offices and the number of paper tickets .
It is promoted by Transport for London and is valid on travel modes across London including London Underground , London Buses , the Docklands Light Railway ( DLR ) , London Overground , trams , some river boat services , and most National Rail services within the London fare zones .
Usage is encouraged by offering substantially cheaper fares than with cash .
By June 2012 , over 43 million Oyster cards had been issued and more than 80 % of all journeys on public transport in London were made using the card .
The Oyster card is a form of electronic ticketing used on public transport in Greater London in the United Kingdom .
Passengers touch it on an electronic reader when entering and leaving the transport system in order to validate it or deduct funds .
An Oyster card can hold up to three season tickets at the same time .
In 1993 , the International Radio and Television Organisation ( OIRT ) , an equivalent organization of broadcasters from Central and Eastern Europe , was merged with the EBU .
It was formed on 12 February 1950 by 23 broadcasting organizations from Europe and the Mediterranean at a conference in the coastal resort of Torquay in Devon , England .
The Academy of the Hebrew Language ( Hebrew : הָאָקָדֶמְיָה לַלָּשׁוֹן הָעִבְרִית , HaAkademya laLashon ha'Ivrit ) was established by the Israeli government in 1953 as the `` supreme institution for scholarship on the Hebrew language in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem of Givat Ram campus . ''
In common with the Beatles , they came from Liverpool , were managed by Brian Epstein and recorded by George Martin .
Gerry and the Pacemakers were a British beat music group prominent during the 1960s .
They began recording in early 1963 with `` How Do You Do It ? ''
Someone who studies evolutionary biology is known as an evolutionary biologist .
In the United States , as a result of the rapid growth of molecular and cell biology , many universities have split ( or aggregated ) their biology departments into molecular and cell biology-style departments and ecology and evolutionary biology-style departments ( which often have subsumed older departments in botany , zoology and the like ) .
Evolutionary biology , as an academic discipline in its own right , emerged during the period of the modern evolutionary synthesis in the 1930s and 1940s .
It was not until the 1970s and 1980s , however , that a significant number of universities had departments that specifically included the term evolutionary biology in their titles , often in conjunction with ecology and behavior .
Suggestions have ranged from animals getting stuck in a bog , to becoming trapped in deep mud , to falling victim to drought-induced mortality around a waterhole , to getting trapped in a spring-fed pond or seep .
Potential prey included ornithopods , stegosaurids , and sauropods .
It averaged 8.5 m ( 28 ft ) in length , though fragmentary remains suggest it could have reached over 12 m ( 39 ft ) .
Relative to the large and powerful hindlimbs , its three-fingered forelimbs were small , and the body was balanced by a long and heavily muscled tail .
The majority of bones belong to the large theropod Allosaurus fragilis ( it is estimated that the remains of at least 46 A. fragilis have been found there , out of at minimum 73 dinosaurs ) , and the fossils found there are disarticulated and well-mixed .
Although sporadic work at what became known as the Cleveland-Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry in Emery County , Utah had taken place as early as 1927 , and the fossil site itself described by William J. Stokes in 1945 , major operations did not begin there until 1960 .
Regardless of the actual cause , the great quantity of well-preserved Allosaurus remains has allowed this genus to be known in detail , making it among the best-known theropods .
Under a cooperative effort involving nearly 40 institutions , thousands of bones were recovered between 1960 and 1965 .
Some paleontologists interpret Allosaurus as having had cooperative social behavior , and hunting in packs , while others believe individuals may have been aggressive toward each other , and that congregations of this genus are the result of lone individuals feeding on the same carcasses .
As the most abundant large predator in the Morrison Formation , Allosaurus was at the top of the food chain , probably preying on contemporaneous large herbivorous dinosaurs and perhaps even other predators .
Perm Krai is located in the east of the East European Plain and the western slope of the Middle Ural Mountains .
Rivers of Perm Krai belong to the Kama River Basin , the largest tributary of Volga River .
There are more than 29 thousand rivers in Perm Krai .
The city of Perm is the administrative center .
A date of 1596-97 is considered consistent with the play 's style .
However , Shylock adamantly refuses any compensations and insists on the pound of flesh .
The Merchant of Venice is a play by William Shakespeare , believed to have been written between 1596 and 1598 .
During his youth , Shavo has stated that he spent most of his time skateboarding and listening to punk rock and heavy metal music .
They named themselves System of a Down , after a poem written by band mate Daron Malakian entitled `` Victims of a Down . ''
In addition , Odadjian is a popular DJ in the LA area , taking part in such events as the `` Rock\/DJ Explosion '' on March 2 , 2001 at The Roxy in Hollywood , CA and collaborating with System of a Down bandmate Serj Tankian on Serart , the singer 's collaboration album with multitalented Armenian musician Arto Tunçboyacıyan .
Shavarsh `` Shavo '' Odadjian ( born April 22 , 1974 ) is an Armenian American songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , music video director\/editor , music producer , and artist\/painter .
Shavo says in an early interview that securing System 's first local gig was a struggle : In 1995 , Odadjian became the permanent bassist of the band .
In Nepali , Sanskrit , Hindi , and Bengali , Amit ( Hindi : अमित ) means infinite or immeasurable or boundless .
It also means an eternal friend of everyone in Hindi , Nepali and Sanskrit In Hebrew , Amit ( Hebrew : עמית ) means colleague , friend .
It is the wordstem root of the Amitabha Buddha and one of the 108 names of Hindu God Shri Ganesha .
B was released on May 2003 .
The PS3 version of Modern Warfare 3 also topped the Japanese chart in its first week on sale .
Modern Warfare 3 also topped the UK video game sales chart in its first week .
The PS3 version shifted 180,372 copies , while the Xbox 360 version sold around 30,000 .
By November 21 , 2011 , the game remained the bestselling title in the United Kingdom , despite sales dropping by 87 % .
Modern Warfare 3 held the top spot on the UK charts for a third week and fourth week running .
This studio is known for co-developing Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 with Infinity Ward .
Sledgehammer Games is an American video game developer , formed in 2009 by industry veterans Glen Schofield and Michael Condrey .
The title sold 6.5 million copies in the US and UK alone ( 9.3 million units worldwide ) and grossed $ 400 million within 24 hours of going on sale surpassing the previous year 's record set by Call Of Duty : Black Ops made by Treyarch games , The title grossed more than $ 775 million globally in its first five days and 1 billion in 16 days , with an average Metacritic score of 88 .
Activision requested that Sledgehammer Games stop work on the third-person shooter and collaborate with Infinity Ward instead .
J to tha L-O !
The Remixes is a remix album by American singer Jennifer Lopez .
The Remixes went on the become the third best-selling remix album of all time , after Michael Jackson and Madonna 's remix efforts .
It was the first remix album to debut at the top of the U.S. Billboard 200 chart , and became one of the best-selling remix albums in the U.S. , selling over 156,000 copies during its opening week .
Longer chains of sugars are called oligosaccharides .
Chemically-different substances may also have a sweet taste , but are not classified as sugars .
Some are used as lower-calorie food substitutes for sugar described as artificial sweeteners .
William Holden ( April 17 , 1918 - November 12 , 1981 ) was an American actor .
His family moved to South Pasadena when he was three .
The single was released on February 11 , 2011 .
Given as a Christmas gift to her fans , Gaga announced , via Twitter , the release dates of the album and the lead single at the stroke of midnight on New Year 's Day , 2011 .
Gaga had sung a few lines from the song while accepting the 2010 MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year , for `` Bad Romance '' .
`` Born This Way '' is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga , from her second studio album of the same name .
Non-linguists sometimes call it Ebonics ( a term that also has other meanings and connotations ) .
Tweed New Haven Airport ( IATA : HVN , ICAO : KHVN , FAA LID : HVN ) is a public airport three miles southeast of downtown New Haven , in New Haven County , Connecticut .
It was formerly Tweed New Haven Regional Airport .
The airport is partly in City of New Haven , which owns the airport , and partly in the East Haven .
Ammonites \/ ˈæmənaɪts \/ are an extinct group of marine invertebrate animals in the subclass Ammonoidea of the class Cephalopoda .
The earliest ammonites appear during the Devonian , and the last species died out during the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event .
It is composed mostly of iron ( 32.1 % ) , oxygen ( 30.1 % ) , silicon ( 15.1 % ) , magnesium ( 13.9 % ) , sulfur ( 2.9 % ) , nickel ( 1.8 % ) , calcium ( 1.5 % ) , and aluminium ( 1.4 % ) ; with the remaining 1.2 % consisting of trace amounts of other elements .
Earth is the third planet from the Sun .
Due to mass segregation , the core region is believed to be primarily composed of iron ( 88.8 % ) , with smaller amounts of nickel ( 5.8 % ) , sulfur ( 4.5 % ) , and less than 1 % trace elements .
Earth formed approximately 4.54 billion years ago , and life appeared on its surface within its first billion years .
This lowest layer is called the troposphere .
Cockles are capable of `` jumping '' by bending and straightening the foot .
Cockles in the family Cardiidae are sometimes known as `` true cockles '' to distinguish them from these other species .
Confusingly , the common name `` cockle '' is also given ( by seafood sellers ) to a number of other small , edible marine bivalves which have a somewhat similar shape and sculpture , but are in other families such as the Veneridae ( Venus clams ) and the Arcidae ( ark clams ) .
Cockles typically burrow using the foot , and feed by filtering plankton from the surrounding water .
The distinctive rounded shells of cockles are bilaterally symmetrical , and are heart-shaped when viewed from the end .
For an exception , see the genus Laevicardium , the egg cockles , which have very smooth shells .
The mantle has three apertures ( inhalant , exhalant , and pedal ) for siphoning water and for the foot to protrude .
Cockle is the common name for a group of ( mostly ) small , edible , saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae .
Numerous radial ribs occur in most but not all genera .
Various species of cockles live in sandy , sheltered beaches throughout the world .
Regardless , the route is 10.16 miles ( 16.35 km ) long if extended to Troy , or 9.55 miles ( 15.37 km ) excluding the NY 7 overlap .
Interstate 787 ( I-787 ) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of New York .
North of NY 7 , the right-of-way of I-787 continues north as NY 787 to the city of Cohoes .
Other documents show I-787 as terminating at its interchange with NY 7 and NY 787 in the town of Colonie .
The southern terminus is at the toll plaza for New York State Thruway ( I-87 ) exit 23 southwest of downtown Albany .
The northern terminus of I-787 is unclear .
The northern terminus of the route is unclear , with some sources placing the terminus at 8th Street in Troy , creating an overlap with New York State Route 7 ( NY 7 ) between Green Island and Troy .
Édouard-Victoire-Antoine Lalo ( 27 January 1823 - 22 April 1892 ) was a French composer .
Hautes-Pyrénées has two small territorial exclaves-a remnant from the Middle Ages-located within the neighboring département of Pyrenees-Atlantiques .
It is part of the Midi-Pyrénées region .
The Northern part of the département consists of largely flat agricultural land .
ne ) ) ( Gascon : Nauts Pirenèus \/ Hauts Pirenèus ) is a department in southwestern France .
Spandau was one of only two Four-Power organizations to continue to operate after the breakdown of the Allied Control Council ; the other being the Berlin Air Safety Center .
This rigidity was primarily due to the much-loathed Soviet director , who perpetually enforced these measures and whom Russian and Western guards alike feared and despised .
In the aftermath of the Reichstag Fire of 1933 , opponents of Hitler and journalists such as Egon Kisch and Carl von Ossietzky were held there in so-called protective custody .
Lights out was at 22:00 hours .
In late 2008 , Media Markt left the main shopping complex .
The Soviets would offer an unchanging diet of coffee , bread , soup , and potatoes .
The four occupying powers of Berlin would alternate control of the prison on a monthly basis , each having the responsibility for a total of three months out of the year .
Each nation in charge would bring its own cook and , in the American , French , and British months , feed the prisoners better than regulations allowed .
Besides the sixty or so soldiers on duty in or around the prison at any given time , there were teams of professional civilian warders from each of the four countries , four prison directors and their deputies , four army medical officers , cooks , translators , waiters , porters and others .
The prison was demolished in 1987 , largely to prevent it from becoming a Neo-Nazi shrine , after the death of its final remaining prisoner , Rudolf Hess , who had been the prison 's sole occupant after the release of Speer and von Schirach in 1966 .
By regulation , all of the produce was to be put toward use in the prison kitchen , but prisoners and guards alike often skirted this rule and indulged in the garden 's offerings .
Bird wrote a book about Hess 's imprisonment entitled The Loneliest Man in the World .
After World War II it was operated by the Four-Power Authorities to house the Nazi war criminals sentenced to imprisonment at the Nuremberg Trials .
Supper followed at 17:00 hours , after which the prisoners were returned to their cells .
As prison regulations slackened and as prisoners became either apathetic or too ill to maintain their plots , the garden was consolidated into one large workable area .
Spandau Prison became a sort of predecessor of the Nazi concentration camps .
On days without access to the garden , for instance when it was raining , the prisoners occupied their time making envelopes together in the main corridor .
This suited the former architect Speer , who , being one of the youngest and liveliest of the inmates , later took up the task of refashioning the entire plot of land into a large complex garden , complete with paths , rock gardens and floral displays .
Due to the number of cells available , an empty cell was left between the prisoners ' cells , to avoid the possibility of prisoners ' communicating in Morse code .
Other remaining cells in the wing were designated for other purposes , with one being used for the prison library and another for a chapel .
It held up to 600 inmates at that time .
Between 1966 and 1987 , Rudolf Hess was the only inmate in Spandau Prison .
In addition , some of the sixty soldiers on guard duty manned 6 machine-gun armed guard 's towers 24 hours a day .
His only companion was the warden , Eugene K. Bird , who became a close friend .
Compared with other established prison regulations at the time , Spandau 's rules were quite strict .
This routine , except the time allowed in the garden , changed very little throughout the years , although each of the controlling nations made their own interpretation of the prison regulations .
As of 2006 , a Kaiser 's Supermarket , ALDI , and a Media Markt consumer electronics store occupied the former prison grounds .
Dönitz favored growing beans , Funk tomatoes and Speer flowers , although the Soviet director subsequently banned flowers for a time .
Prisoners received a shave and a haircut , if necessary , every Monday , Wednesday and Friday ; they did their own laundry every Monday .
Until this director 's sudden removal in the early 1960s , the ` Soviet month ' was dreaded .
Only seven prisoners were finally imprisoned there .
By the end of 1933 the first Nazi concentration camps had been erected ( at Dachau , Osthofen , Oranienburg , Sonnenburg , Lichtenburg and the marshland camps around Esterwegen ) ; all remaining prisoners who had been held in so-called protective custody in state prisons were transferred to these concentration camps .
Afterward , matters , including diet , were improved .
While it was formally operated by the Prussian Ministry of Justice , the Gestapo tortured and abused its inmates , as Egon Erwin Kisch recalls in his memories of Spandau Prison .
To further ensure its erasure , the site was made into a parking facility and a NAAFI shopping center , named The Britannia Centre Spandau and nicknamed Hessco 's after a British supermarket chain of a similar name .
Every facet of life in the prison was strictly set out by a bloated and intricate prison regulation scheme designed before the prisoners ' arrival by the Four Powers - France , Britain , the Soviet Union and the United States .
Very spacious given the small number of prisoners using it , the garden space was initially divided into small personal plots that were used by each prisoner in various ways , usually for the growing of vegetables .
Coordinates : 52 ° 31 ′ 16 ″ N 13 ° 11 ′ 07 ″ E \/ 52.52111 ° N 13.18528 ° E \/ 52.52111 ; 13.18528 Spandau Prison was a prison situated in the borough of Spandau in western Berlin , constructed in 1876 and demolished in 1987 after the death of its last prisoner , Rudolf Hess , to prevent it from becoming a neo-Nazi shrine .
The Allied powers originally requisitioned the prison in November 1946 , expecting it to accommodate a hundred or more war criminals .
From 1919 it was also used for civilian inmates .
Arriving from Nuremberg on 18 July 1947 , they were : Of the seven , only four fully served their sentences ; the remaining three , Neurath , Raeder , and Funk , having been released earlier due to ill health .
The cells were approximately 3 metres ( 3 1\/4 yards ) long by 2.7 metres ( 3 yards ) wide and 4 metres ( 13 feet ) high .
Every day , prisoners were ordered to rise at 06:00 hours , wash , clean their cells and the corridor together , eat breakfast , stay in the garden until lunch-time at noon ( weather permitting ) , have a post-lunch rest in their cells , then return to the garden .
All prisoners feared the month during which the Soviets took command ; the Russians were much stricter in their enforcement of prison regulations and offered poorer quality meals .
Western commentators accused the Russians of keeping Spandau prison in operation chiefly as a center for Soviet espionage operations .
All materials from the demolished prison were ground to powder and dispersed in the North Sea or buried at the former RAF Gatow airbase .
The prison , initially designed for a population in the hundreds , was an old brick building enclosed by one wall 4.5 m ( 15 ft. ) high , another of 9m ( 30 ft. ) , a 3m ( 10 ft. ) high wall topped with electrified wire , followed by a wall of barbed wire .
The highlight of the prison , from the inmates ' perspective , was the garden .
The directors and guards of the Western powers ( France , Britain and the United States ) , repeatedly voiced opposition to many of the stricter measures and made near-constant protest about them to their superiors throughout the prison 's existence , but they were invariably vetoed by the Soviet Union , which favored a tougher approach .
The prison was built in 1876 on Wilhelmstraße .
Police confirmed Richard Milat had been working on the day of the attack , but Ivan Milat had not .
There are small amounts of rainfall and the summer temperature is very high .
Ancient dry riverbeds-called omuramba-traverse the Central Northern reaches of the Kalahari and provide standing pools of water during the rainy season .
The only permanent river , the Okavango , flows into a delta in the northwest , forming marshes that are rich in wildlife .
The driest areas usually receive 110-200 millimetres ( 4.3-7 .9 in ) of rain per year , and the wettest just a little over 500 millimetres ( 20 in ) .
Previously havens for wild animals from elephants to giraffes , and for predators such as lions and cheetahs , the riverbeds are now mostly grazing spots , though leopards and cheetahs can still be found .
Botswana Namibia South Africa
The Kalahari has a number of game reserves-Tswalu Kalahari , Southern Africa 's largest private game reserve , the Central Kalahari Game Reserve ( the world 's second largest protected area ) , Khutse Game Reserve and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park .
Animals that live in the region include brown hyenas , the Kalahari lion , meerkats , giraffes , warthogs , jackals , chacma baboons , and several species of antelope ( including the eland , gemsbok , springbok , hartebeest , steenbok , kudu , and duiker ) , and many species of birds and reptiles .
The surrounding Kalahari Basin covers over 2,500,000 square kilometres ( 970,000 sq mi ) extending farther into Botswana , Namibia and South Africa , and encroaching into parts of Angola , Zambia and Zimbabwe .
A semi-desert , with huge tracts of excellent grazing after good rains , the Kalahari supports more animals and plants than a true desert , such as the Namib Desert to the west .
Michael-René Grabner ( born October 5 , 1987 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player playing for the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
On June 25 , 2010 , during the 2010 NHL Entry Draft , Grabner was traded , along with Steve Bernier and the Canucks first round choice in the draft , the twenty-fifth selection ( used to select Quinton Howden ) to the Florida Panthers for Keith Ballard and Victor Oreskovich .
The Arabic Wikipedia ( Arabic : ويكيبيديا العربية Wīkībīdyā al-ʿArabiyya or ويكيبيديا ، الموسوعة الحرة Wīkībīdyā , al-Mawsūʿa al-Ḥurra ) is the Arabic language version of Wikipedia .
The Arabic Wikipedia is currently the 24th largest edition of Wikipedia by article count , and is the first Semitic language to exceed 100,000 articles .
However , there is a significant Shia minority , primarily in Sokoto State ( see Shia in Nigeria ) .
Muslims in Nigeria are predominantly Sunni in the Maliki school , which is also the governing Sharia law .
A smaller minority follow the Ahmadiyya Islam , a reformatory sect originating in 19th century India .
In particular Pew Forum on religious diversity identifies 12 % as Shia Muslims while 3 % as Ahmadi Muslims .
For many years , Fallaci was a special correspondent for the political magazine L'Europeo and wrote for a number of leading newspapers and Epoca magazine .
A former partisan during World War II , she had a long and successful journalistic career .
During the 1968 Tlatelolco massacre , prior to the 1968 Summer Olympics , Fallaci was shot three times , dragged down stairs by her hair , and left for dead by Mexican forces .
In a 1976 retrospective collection of her works , she remarked that : Fallaci began her career in journalism during her teens , becoming a special correspondent for the Italian paper Il mattino dell ` Italia centrale in 1946 .
Beginning in 1967 she worked as a war correspondent covering Vietnam , the Indo-Pakistani War , the Middle East , and in South America .
Fallaci was born in Florence , Italy , on 29 June 1929 .
Oriana Fallaci ( Italian : ( oˈrjaˑna falˈlaːʧi ) ; 29 June 1929 - 15 September 2006 ) was an Italian journalist , author , and political interviewer .
Her writings have been translated into 21 languages including English , Spanish , French , Dutch , German , Urdu , Greek , Swedish , Polish , Hungarian , Hebrew , Croatian , Serbian , Persian , Slovenian , Danish and Bulgarian .
In a profile of Fallaci , The New Yorker described her former support of the student activists as having `` devolved into a dislike of Mexicans '' : In the early 1970s Fallaci had an affair with the subject of one of her interviews , Alexandros Panagoulis , who had been a solitary figure in the Greek resistance against the 1967 dictatorship , having been captured , heavily tortured and imprisoned for his ( unsuccessful ) assassination attempt on dictator and ex-Colonel Georgios Papadopoulos .
During her 1979 interview with Ayatollah Khomeini , she addressed him as a `` tyrant '' and managed to unveil herself from the chador : Living in New York and in a house she owned in Tuscany , Fallaci lectured at the University of Chicago , Yale University , Harvard University , and Columbia University .
Claude Debussy is widely regarded as one of the most influential composers of the 20th century .
Claude Debussy was born on 22 August 1862 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye , France , the eldest of five children .
The series was featured three soundtracks : Shake It Up : Break It Down ( 2011 ) , Shake It Up : Live 2 Dance ( 2012 ) and Shake It Up : I ( 3 Dance ( 2013 ) .
Bella Thorne and Zendaya were cast as the two female leads , as well as Camp Rock cast member Roshon Fegan in a co-lead role .
There are also plans to build other large solar plants in the Mojave Desert .
There are several solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which supply power to the electricity grid .
These plants have a combined capacity of 354 megawatts ( MW ) making them the largest solar power installation in the world .
These plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular , readily available materials .
Solar Energy Generating Systems ( SEGS ) is the name given to nine solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which were built in the 1980s , the first commercial solar plant .
Nevada Solar One is a solar thermal plant with a 64 MW generating capacity , located near Boulder City , Nevada .
Insolation ( solar radiation ) in the Mojave Desert is among the best available in the United States , and some significant population centers are located in the area .
They called the throwing machine , a filatoio , and the doubler , a torcitoio .
The first evidence of an externally powered filatoio comes from the thirteenth century , and the earliest illustration from around 1500 .
The main range was three storeys high , 42.4 m by 5.5 m. Each floor was used for doubling , and there were 306 doubling machines .
Filatorios and torcitoios contained parallel circular frames that revolved round each other on a central axis .
The torcitoios and filatoios took their power from the shaft .
Lombe 's Mill was built next to Thomas Cotchett 's 1704 mill on the west bank of the River Derwent in Derby .
At this point a weir had been constructed across the river , and the mill was built on an island downstream which separated the river from the tail race of three corn mills .
The speed of the relative rotation determined the twist .
Lombe 's Mill was the first successful silk throwing mill in England .
Thomas Lombe was given a 14-year patent to protect the design of the throwing machines .
There is an illustration of a circular handpowered throwing machine drawn in 1487 with 32 spindles .
There is a Bas relief sculpture of John Lombe at the nearby Exeter Bridge .
Silk would only co-operate in the process if the temperature and humidity were high , in Italy the temperature was elevated by sunlight but in Derby the mill had to be heated , and the heat evenly distributed .
It was built on an island on the River Derwent in Derby .
He returned to Derby with the necessary knowledge and a group of Italians .
It was reported that Lombe used a fire engine ( steam engine ) to pump hot air round the mill in 1732 .
The mill passed through several owners and has been rebuilt several times , but the modified structure is extant and has been restored to house the Derby Industrial Museum .
It was built on a series of stone arches that allowed the waters of the River Derwent to flow through .
It drove a 0.45-metre square vertical shaft that drove a line shaft that ran the length of the mill .
The stair column was 19.5 m high .
He designed the mill , and he his half brother Thomas Lombe ( born 1685 ) instructed George Sorocold to build it and fit it with the new machines .
The vertical shaft was extended beyond the second floor by an iron gudgeon to another vertical shaft that reached the top 3 floors to drive the winding machines .
The mill was heated to process the silk , and this was explained in the 1718 patent .
In 1700 , Italians were the most technologically advanced throwsters in Europe and had developed two machines capable of winding the silk onto bobbins while putting a twist in the thread .
When the patents lapsed in 1732 , other mills were built in Stockport and Macclesfield .
John Lombe had visited the successful silk throwing mill in Piedmont in 1716 , an early example of industrial espionage .
An unpowered doubling shop was built to the north of the powered Italian works some time before 1739 .
The throwing machines were two storeys high and pierced the first floor .
It was built after John Lombe visited Piedmont in 1717 and returned to England with details of the Italian silk throwing machines - the filatoio and the torcitoio - and some Italian craftsmen .
The winding machines were situated on the top three floors .
Little of the original mill remains .
Its axle entered the mill through a navel hole at first floor level .
John 's elder brother , Thomas , took over the business .
The mill was sold to Thomas Wilson in 1739 .
It is speculated that he was responsible for John Lombe 's mysterious death , six years later , in 1722 .
Thomas Cotchett 's mill , built in Derby in 1704 , was a failure .
Derby was a key location as the river had a fast flow , and it was here that it was crossed by the London to Carlisle road Lombe 's Mill was the first successful silk throwing mill in England and probably the first fully mechanised factory in the world .
The scalloped hammerhead ( Sphyrna lewini ) is a species of hammerhead shark , family Sphyrnidae .
It can be found down to depths of over 500 metres ( 1,600 ft ) but is most often found above 25 metres ( 82 ft ) .
The scalloped hammerhead is a coastal pelagic species , it occurs over continental and insular shelves and in nearby deeper water .
It is found in warm temperate and tropical waters , worldwide from 46 ° north to 36 ° south .
The scalloped hammerhead was first named Zygaena lewini and then renamed Sphyrna lewini by Edward Griffith and Hamilton Smith in 1834 .
It has also been named Cestracion leeuwenii by Day in 1865 , Zygaena erythraea by Klunzinger in 1871 , Cestracion oceanica by Garman in 1913 , and Sphyrna diplana by Springer in 1941 .
The shark 's eyes and nostrils are at the tips of the extensions .
The Greek word sphyrna translates into `` hammer '' in English , referring to the shape of this shark 's head .
It primarily lives in warm temperate and tropical coastal waters all around the globe between latitudes 46 ° N and 36 ° S , down to a depth of 500 metres ( 1,600 ft ) .
This shark is also known as the bronze , kidney-headed or southern hammerhead .
Sphyrna comes from the Greek and translates into hammer .
Originally Zygaena lewini , it was later moved to its current name .
He had an outstanding result , scoring eight wins , seven draws , and two losses ( 67.6 % ) .
Once again , his opponents included the world 's best players , such as Alekhine , Flohr , Kashdan , Tartakower , Grünfeld , Ståhlberg , and Lajos Steiner .
This included wins against Flohr and Akiba Rubinstein , and draws with Alekhine , Kashdan , Ernst Grünfeld , Gideon Ståhlberg , and Efim Bogolyubov .
In December 1933 , Sir Umar took him back to India .
Sir Umar then brought him back to his homeland , where he gave up chess and returned to his humble life .
At that time , Sir Umar took him into his household with the idea of teaching him the European version of the game and introducing him to European master chess .
In matches he defeated Tartakower in 1931 ( four wins , five draws , and three losses ) and narrowly lost to Flohr in 1932 ( one win , three draws , and two losses ) .
Sultan Khan again won the British Championship in 1932 and 1933 .
In 1928 , he won the all-India championship , scoring eight wins , one draw , and no losses .
In an international chess career of less than five years ( 1929-33 ) , he won the British Championship three times in four tries ( 1929 , 1932 , 1933 ) , and had tournament and match results that placed him among the top ten players in the world .
To everyone 's surprise , he won .
Malik Mir Sultan Khan ( 1905 - April 25 , 1966 ) was the strongest chess master of his time from Asia .
After that , he was never heard of by the chess world again .
A manservant from British India , he traveled with Colonel Nawab Sir Umar Hayat Khan ( `` Sir Umar '' ) , his master , to Britain , where he took the chess world by storm .
Returning to Europe in May 1930 , Sultan Khan began an international chess career that included the defeats of many of the world 's leading players .
At Folkestone 1933 , he had his worst result , an even score , winning four games , drawing six , and losing four .
His best results were second to Savielly Tartakower at Liège 1930 ; third at Hastings 1930-31 ( scoring five wins , two draws , and two losses ) behind future World Champion Max Euwe and former World Champion José Raúl Capablanca ; fourth at Hastings 1931-32 ; fourth at Bern 1932 ( ten wins , two draws , three losses ) ; and a tie for third with Isaac Kashdan at London 1932 , behind World Champion Alexander Alekhine and Salo Flohr .
In 1935 , he won a match against V. K. Khadilkar , yielding just one draw in ten games .
He scored nine wins , four draws , and four losses ( 64.7 % ) .
By the time he was 21 he was considered the strongest player in the Punjab .
Sultan Khan thrice played first board for England at Chess Olympiads .
Sultan Khan was born in United Punjab , British India , where he learned Indian chess from his father at the age of nine .
At Prague 1931 , he faced a much stronger field .
Under the rules of that game at the time , the laws of pawn promotion and stalemate were different , and a pawn could not move two squares on the first move .
Last of the Summer Wine inspired other adaptations , including a television prequel , several novelisations , and stage adaptations .
The program was nominated for numerous awards and won the National Television Award for Most Popular Comedy Programme in 1999 .
There were many holiday specials , three television films and a documentary film about the series .
Many members of the British Royal Family enjoyed the show .
Last of the Summer Wine was set and filmed in and around Holmfirth , West Yorkshire , England and centred on a trio of older men and their youthful antics ; the membership of the trio changed several times over the years .
A companion guide to the show , Last of the Summer Wine : The Finest Vintage , was released in 2000 .
Last of the Summer Wine premiered as an episode of Comedy Playhouse on 4 January 1973 and the first series of episodes followed on 12 November 1973 .
Last of the Summer Wine is the longest-running comedy program in Britain and the longest-running sitcom in the world .
This group consisted of Russ Abbot as a former milkman who fancied himself a secret agent , Luther `` Hobbo '' Hobdyke , Burt Kwouk as the electrical repairman , `` Electrical '' Entwistle , and Murphy as Alvin Smedley .
The original trio consisted of Bill Owen as the scruffy and childlike William `` Compo '' Simmonite , Peter Sallis as deep-thinking and meek Norman Clegg and Michael Bates as authoritarian and snobbish Cyril Blamire .
Five of Disney 's legendary `` Nine Old Men '' worked on it , including the Disney crew that had been working 25 years on average .
A new single-disc Special Edition DVD ( previously announced as a 2-Disc set ) was released on February 5 , 2008 .
The Aristocats had its Gold Collection disc quietly discontinued in 2006 .
The Aristocats was re-released to theaters on December 19 , 1980 and April 10 , 1987 .
It was originally released to theaters by Buena Vista Distribution on December 11 , 1970 .
The 20th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film is based on a story by Tom McGowan and Tom Rowe , and revolves around a family of aristocratic cats , and how an alley cat acquaintance helps them after a butler has kidnapped them to gain his mistress ' fortune which was intended to go to them .
O'Malley , Scat Cat and his gang , and Frou-Frou all fight Edgar , while Roquefort frees Duchess and the kittens .
The film took four years to produce , at a budget of $ 4,000,000 .
In the end , Edgar is tipped into the trunk , locked inside , and sent to Timbuktu himself .
It was first released on VHS in North America in the Masterpiece Collection series on April 24 , 1996 , and on DVD on April 4 , 2000 in the Gold Classic Collection line .
The film is noted for being the last film project to be approved by Walt Disney himself , as he died in late 1966 , before the film was released .
Madame Adelaide 's will is rewritten to exclude Edgar and include O'Malley ( after ironically claiming that the will would have included Edgar after all ) .
This film was the last one to be approved by Walt Disney himself , and the first one produced after his death in 1966 .
The People 's Republic was established on November 30 , 1975 , after the 1972 coup d'état in the Republic of Dahomey .
The People 's Republic of Benin ( French : République populaire du Bénin ) was a socialist state located in the Gulf of Guinea on the African continent , which would become present-day Benin .
The movie begins with Professor John Oldman ( David Lee Smith ) packing his belongings onto his truck , preparing to move to a new home .
San Fernando de Monte Cristi is the capital of Monte Cristi Province , Dominican Republic .
There was some criticism of the use of Desiros for CFR 's long-distance services because they were considered to be uncomfortable .
On weekends the units also used as peak inter-city trains from Budapest to Baja and Sátoraljaújhely and as fast trains from Budapest to Tapolca .
Today the company owns eight Desiro trains .
The EMUs were fitted out in Varna , where BDZ and Siemens AG are intending to establish a joint venture company .
Besides the 234 units purchased by DB until 2007 , various private German rail companies are also using Desiro DMUs .
When linked together with Scharfenberg couplers , up to three trainsets can be operated together .
During the summer months ( when fewer units are used on the Budapest suburban routes ) Desiros appear on some local train diagram on the north shore of the Lake Balaton .
Therefore the Class 642 can only be mechanically coupled with other DMUs like the Class 643 .
The trains are primarily used between Odense and Svendborg and between Odense and Fredericia .
The Desiros are quite popular with most passengers , thanks to their good acceleration .
Slovenian Railways operates 30 electric Desiro units that are designated as DESIRO EMG 312 SR 31E .
In 2005 and 2006 , the Bulgarian State Railways began operating Desiro trains as part of a 67 million Euro deal with Siemens AG for a total of 25 Diesel multiple units .
As of 22 March 2006 , 16 trains had been delivered , with many of them operating on the Sofia-Kyustendil-Sofia line .
Nordjyske Jernbaner used Desiro trains since 2004 on all its operations .
These EMUs have a maximum commercial speed of 160 km\/h ( 99 mph ) .
Germany 's Deutsche Bahn introduced two-car Desiro DMUs for local services in 2000 .
CFR has recently refitted them , and is now using Desiros mainly on its medium - and short-distance routes .
The EMUs are designated classes 30 and 31 and are servicing traffic in the Sofia and Plovdiv areas .
Another 117 million Euro deal for 25 EMUs has also been signed with Siemens AG .
With a top speed of 120 km\/h ( 75 mph ) , these Class 642 units are mainly used on branch lines and regional lines .
At present 31 diesel Desiros are in service with MÁV ( including the 8 units from Greece ) , mainly as suburban trains on the regional line between Budapest-Esztergom and Budapest - Lajosmizse and as an InterCity between Budapest and Baja .
The Class 642 is equipped with two MAN diesel engines with an output of 275 or 315 kW ( 369 or 422 hp ) each and hydro-mechanical transmission with retarders .
These are based on the Class 642 used by Deutsche Bahn , but have some additional safety equipment .
The 57 km ( 35 mi ) KLIA Ekspres and KLIA Transit airport rail link uses the Desiro ET 425 M four-car Electric Multiple Units .
Austrian Federal Railways ( ÖBB ) is currently using about 60 diesel-powered Desiro trains designated as ÖBB 5022 .
On July 2 , 2009 DSB signed a contract of eight trains from Siemens for Grenaabanen , which entered service on December 12 , 2010 , with an option for 92 more .
Nine 25 kV AC Desiro UK EMUs based on the Heathrow Connect Class 360\/2 are currently used for the Suvarnabhumi Airport Link which is currently in operation running express and local service between Phaya Thai Station and Suvarnabhumi Airport .
The trains are mostly used for commuter and regional services , and their rapid acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .
CFR , which is currently undergoing modernisation , has bought 120 diesel Desiro trainsets and uses them for all types of train , including its `` Inter Regio '' , and `` Regio '' inter-city services , but mainly on its `` Inter Regio '' trains .
Because they have often replaced push\/pull trains , their shorter journey times , such as on the Müglitz Valley Railway , have encouraged greater passenger numbers .
Originally DB intended to operate together modern DMUs purchased from different manufacturers , but due to software incompatibilities this proved to be impossible .
In Denmark DSB has rented 12 Desiro trains since 2002 .
When they decided to do this , however , they had very little space left in the game .
They used the Goomba 's ability to be jumped on and defeated to teach players how to deal with enemies and to not fear the Super Mushroom .
Goombas were included in an Ice Capades show featuring characters from the Mario series .
Early concept art for the Super Mario Bros. film showed that the design of the Goombas were originally intended to be for Koopa Troopas , another kind of Mario enemy .
A separate company from the primary makeup departments designed the Goombas in the film .
They used a single image twice to convey the notion that the Goombas are walking , rotating it back and forth , causing it to look lopsided as it walks and giving the appearance of a trot .
The Goomba 's resemblance to the Super Mushroom forced designers to change the mechanics and appearance of the Super Mushroom .
The Goombas are designed after a shiitake mushroom .
They first appeared in the NES video game Super Mario Bros. as the first enemy players encounter .
As a result , the designers decided to introduce the Goomba as a basic enemy .
It has been compared to other generic enemies in video games , such as the `` Met '' enemy from the Mega Man series .
Musk has stated that his intention for the company is to help in the creation of a permanent human presence on Mars .
The Falcon Heavy is based on Falcon 9 technology , and when completed , it will be the most powerful rocket in the world since the Apollo-era Saturn V. Falcon Heavy can be used to send a crewed Dragon spacecraft on lunar orbiting missions - such as the Apollo 8 mission ; or be used to send a modified unpiloted Dragon on a Mars landing mission .
In order to control quality and costs , SpaceX designs , tests and fabricates the majority of its components in-house , including the Merlin , Kestrel , and Draco rocket engines used on the Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon spacecraft .
Space Exploration Technologies Corporation , or SpaceX , is a space transport services company headquartered in Hawthorne , California .
It has developed the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 launch vehicles , both of which were designed from conception to eventually become reusable .
SpaceX became the first private company to successfully launch and return a spacecraft from orbit on 8 December 2010 , after its Dragon capsule returned from a two-orbit flight .
And on 3 December 2013 , the company launched its first commercial geostationary satellite from a Falcon 9 .
It has already launched , for a paying customer , a low earth orbiting satellite with its Falcon 1 booster in 2009 .
It was founded in 2002 by former PayPal entrepreneur and Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk .
SpaceX also developed the Dragon spacecraft , which are flown into orbit by the Falcon 9 launch vehicle , initially transporting cargo and later planned to carry humans to the International Space Station and other destinations .
The second movement is in the key of G major , the dominant key of C major .
A bridge passage composed of scales follows , arriving at a cadence in G major , the key in which the second theme is then played .
The development starts in G minor and modulates through several keys .
The music modulates in the middle of this movement to the parallel minor ( G minor ) and its relative major ( B-flat major ) .
The recapitulation begins , unusually , in the subdominant key of F major .
A codetta follows to conclude the exposition , then the exposition is repeated .
The familiar opening theme is accompanied by an Alberti bass , played in the left hand .
The third movement is in rondo form and is in the tonic key , C major .
The first theme appears again and is followed by a third theme .
The work has three movements : The first movement is written in sonata form and is in the key of C major .
According to Charles Rosen , the practice of beginning a recapitulation in the subdominant was `` rare at the time ( the sonata ) was written , '' though the practice was later taken up by Franz Schubert .
A typical performance takes about 14 minutes .
The finale was transposed to F major and collected with a solo piano arrangement of the second movement of the violin sonata in F major to form the Piano Sonata in F major , K. 547a .
The second theme is in G major and contains an Alberti bass in the left hand .
The first theme is lively and sets the mood of the piece .
The third theme is in a minor key and modulates through many different keys before modulating into C major .
The movement then modulates to the tonic , and , after the main theme and development is heard again , ends .
The first theme appears again followed by a coda and finally ends in C major .
Squamous cell cancer arises from the cells that line the upper part of the esophagus .
Adenocarcinoma arises from glandular cells that are present at the junction of the esophagus and stomach .
50-80 % of all esophageal cancer in the United States ) .
Esophageal cancer ( or oesophageal cancer ) is malignancy of the esophagus .
In 1910 it became the Judicial capital of the Union of South Africa .
Until 1994 the city was the sole judicial capital of South Africa .
Some of the matches of the 2010 FIFA World Cup were played at the Free State Stadium , including the historic 4-1 defeat of England by Germany in the round of 16 .
This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland .
Hasemoto was born at Honolulu , Hawaii .
Hasemoto volunteered to be part of the all-Nisei 100th Infantry Battalion .
He is the son of immigrants who were born in Japan .
Mikio Hasemoto ( July 13 , 1916 - November 29 , 1943 ) was a soldier in United States Army .
He is a Nisei , which means that he is a second-generation Japanese-American .
For his actions in November 1944 , he was initially awarded the Distinguished Service Cross .
After he took office , Bucaram tried to reorganize the state , which included trying to regularize the privatization process initiated by Osvaldo Hurtado ( 1980 , Popular Democracy Party ) , and supported by the next three presidents : León Febres Cordero ( 1984 , PSC ) , Rodrigo Borja Cevallos ( 1988 , Democratic Left ) and Sixto Durán Ballén ( 1992 , ex-PSC ) .
As President , Abdalá Bucaram was nicknamed `` El Loco '' ( `` the crazy one , '' a nickname he himself championed ) and was removed from office after being declared mentally unfit to rule by the National Congress of Ecuador .
He lives in Panama and his political asylum was recently renewed .
Abdalá Bucaram was President from August 10 , 1996 to February 6 , 1997 .
The congress ignored the constitutional court resolution and proceeded to confirm Fabian Alarcon as interim president .
Finally , Congress , illegally , requested that the army assert Alarcón 's power .
The constitutional court determined the congressional resolution to be anti-constitutional and rejected it .
Bucaram and his followers claim that all cases against him have been dismissed .
Abdalá Jaime Bucaram Ortiz ( pronunciation ( help · info ) ahb-dah-LAH boo-kah-RAHM ; born February 4 , 1952 ) is an Ecuadorian politician and lawyer who was President of Ecuador from 10 August 1996 to 6 February 1997 .
His cabinet was put together by the Vice President Rosalia Arteaga .
Within months Bucaram was accused of embezzling millions of dollars of public funds .
Dynamic navigation boxes use a combination of CSS and Javascript to make collapsible navigation boxes .
The markup code used to achieve this effect comprises three main classes : NavFrame , NavHead , NavContent .
The default behavior of this code will initially `` show '' the details , as well as a link to `` hide '' the details .
The technical parts comprise style sheet declarations in MediaWiki : Common .
Documentation for dynamic navigation boxes .
css , and Javascript code in MediaWiki : Common .
Example ( click `` show '' or `` hide '' to see the good bits ) : The basic concept here is to use the div element within a Wiki article 's markup code to identify certain content ( which we 'll call the `` details '' here ) that we want the user to be able to `` show '' or `` hide '' .
You will need to create three div elements : To initially hide the content do this : You can even apply other classes along with these , making a more styled design rather than if you were to use the standard classes : If you swap the order of the two inner div elements , then you can get an always-visible caption below optionally-hidden content , instead of an always-visible heading above optionally-hidden content : If the title is too long , then the formatting is very bad : To correct this , you need to add height : auto to the style of the NavHead div , and a dummy element to leave space for the `` show\/hide '' link :
Baba asserted that in other ages this role was fulfilled by Zoroaster , Rama , Krishna , Buddha , Jesus , and Muhammad .
Meher Baba ( 25 February 1894 - 31 January 1969 ) , born Merwan Sheriar Irani , was an Indian spiritual master who said he was the Avatar , God in human form .
His given name was Merwan Sheriar Irani .
About the New Life Meher Baba wrote : Meher Baba ended the New Life in February 1952 and once again began a round of public appearances throughout India and the West .
At the age of 19 , during his second year at Deccan College in Pune , he met a very old Muslim woman who was locally revered as a saint , named Hazrat Babajan , who kissed him on the forehead .
In the ensuing gunfight , Ward was shot in the back of the left knee , an injury that left a critical identifying mark that helped to identify his body after his death .
Mary Ann fell pregnant with Fred 's child a short time later .
Ward was sent back to Cockatoo Island to serve the remaining six years of his original sentence plus an additional three years for being in possession of a stolen horse .
On 25 May 1870 , after robbing travellers near the Big Rock , Ward was shot and killed by Constable Alexander Binney Walker at Kentucky Creek near Uralla .
Frederick Wordsworth Ward ( aka Captain Thunderbolt ) ( 1835-25 May 1870 ) was an Australian bushranger renowned for escaping from Cockatoo Island , and also for his reputation as the `` gentleman bushranger '' and his lengthy survival , being the longest roaming bushranger in Australian history .
Mawari-butai ( revolving stage ) developed in the Kyōhō era ( 1716-1735 ) .
For instance , in Australia , the Za Kabuki troupe at the Australian National University has performed a kabuki drama each year since 1976 , the longest regular kabuki performance outside of Japan .
Kabuki is therefore sometimes translated as `` the art of singing and dancing '' .
Considered the most polluted river in Israel , it has been the subject of controversy regarding the struggle to improve the water quality .
The Kishon River is a 70-km-long perennial stream in Israel .
However , Hubble observations in 2005-06 , specifically targeting the dim moons , once again showed Hydra to be a little brighter .
The name Hydra was announced on June 21 , 2006 , in IAU Circular 8723 , along with the formal designation Pluto III .
The discoveries were announced on October 31 , 2005 , after confirmation by precoveries from 2002 .
At the time of discovery , Hydra was about 25 percent brighter than its sister moon Nix , which led to the assumption that its diameter was some 10 percent larger .
Hydra was found by the Hubble Space Telescope 's Pluto Companion Search Team , which is composed of Hal A. Weaver , Alan Stern , Max J. Mutchler , Andrew J. Steffl , Marc W. Buie , William J. Merline , John R. Spencer , Eliot F. Young , and Leslie A. Young .
The discovery images were taken on May 15 , 2005 , and May 18 , 2005 ; Nix and Hydra were independently discovered by Max J. Mutchler on June 15 , 2005 , and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15 , 2005 .
They were provisionally designated S\/2005 P 1 ( Hydra ) and S\/2005 P 2 ( Nix ) .
The satellite orbits the barycenter of the system in the same plane as Charon and Nix , at a distance of about 65,000 km .
Unlike other satellites of Pluto , its orbit is only nearly circular ; its eccentricity of 0.0052 is small , but significantly non-zero .
Pre-discovery data from Hubble observations in 2002-03 implied that Nix was the brighter moon .
Although its size has not been directly measured , calculations based on its brightness give it a diameter of between 61 km ( if its geometric albedo is similar to Charon 's 35 % ) and about 167 km ( if it has a reflectivity of 4 % like the darkest Kuiper belt objects ) .
It was discovered along with Nix in June 2005 , and is to be visited along with Pluto by the New Horizons mission in July 2015 .
Hydra appears to be spectrally neutral like Charon and Nix , whereas Pluto is reddish .
Its orbital period of 38.2 days is close to a 1:6 orbital resonance with Charon , with the timing discrepancy being 0.3 % .
The United States House of Representatives is one of the two houses of the United States Congress ( a bicameral legislature ) .
Kagoshima Prefecture ( 鹿児島県 , Kagoshima-ken ? )
is a prefecture of Japan located on the island of Kyushu .
Kagoshima Prefecture corresponds to the ancient Japanese provinces Ōsumi and Satsuma , including the northern part of the Ryukyu Islands ( Satsunan ) .
Her father came a year later and reunited with Veronica and her mother , while her sister was unable to meet them until thirteen years later .
A third single , `` Es Tan Dificil Olvidarte '' , dedicated to the fallen troops , put Verónica in the top 10 on the pop contemporary charts .
It was titled Vengo Con To ' ( I 'm coming ( at you ) with everything ) .
Verónica began 2010 on the cover of Billboard Magazine with a new single , `` If You Wanna Fly , '' that reached # 9 on Billboard 's Hot Dance Club Play chart , # 11 on Billboard 's Hot Dance Airplay chart , # 5 on Billboard Dance\/Electronic sales , # 17 on Billboard Heatseekers Songs and # 74 Hot 100 Chart .
Europe did not seem to mind and Mayra signed a deal with a German label for the European release of the album .
Once the show aired , the model with the great backside became the talk of Latinos everywhere , so much so the American press became interested .
She continues working with producer Eddie Galan of Mach 1 Music , ( who is co-writing and producing the debut English album ) with a new album titled Saint Nor Sinner due out in 2012 .
The album 's popularity landed Verónica a deal with Universal Motown , which put out a second single from the album titled `` Mamma Mia '' which also did very well on radio .
Upon her return from the tour , she was described as a `` modern day Betty Grable '' .
Veronica agreed and after mail requesting her return , she went on to appear on the cover of the FHM exclusive collection book , which included top sex symbols of the decade such as Pamela Anderson , Eva Longoria , and Carmen Electra .
During her time with the Univision Network , Veronica had the opportunity to meet top ranked music producers who collaborated with her on her first music album .
Verónica continued her work with the troops by visiting the wounded at camp Lejeune .
Mayra grew up with little money and food was sometimes scarce .
Her first boyfriend , at the age of 15 , was an artist of the same age who often painted her nude or semi-nude .
Verónica decided to bring awareness to two of the organizations for which she 's an advocate and spokesperson , The USO and UNICEF , and brought them to the bell ringing ceremony .
She interviewed celebrities like Donald Trump , Oscar de la Renta , Hugh Hefner , and Dennis Rodman .
The song soared to number one on the top station in the country ( New York ) and made top 40 on Billboard .
Mayra Verónica ( born Mayra Verónica Aruca Rodríguez August 20 , 1980 ) , is a Cuban-born , American model and singer who acquired her fame in the United States .
Verónica continued touring with the USO and became an official spokesperson , appearing with then-President George W. Bush and Gary Sinise on a panel for C-SPAN about the organization .
Due to her ample curves , her last appearance on screen for the day would entail her backside presented before turning around to face the camera , which she gladly agreed .
Mayra Verónica was born in Havana , Cuba , where her father was a member of Cuba 's big band , Los Dada .
The troops ' response was overwhelming and although Verónica had decided not to do any more calendars , she changed her mind and decided to do one in 2008 dedicating proceeds to the Wounded Warrior Project .
The USO tour became a special Thanksgiving tour with Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General James Cartwright , actor Wilmer Valderrama , comedian Russell Peters , traveling to six countries in six days : Iraq , Afghanistan , Germany , Turkey , Africa , and Greenland .
Verónica continued school and after joining a local beauty pageant and becoming Ms. Miami , she met a photographer who would do the pictures for the event , and noticed the photographer was captivated by Mayra 's photos and invited her to his studio for free sessions .
The video was banned from Latin television .
On July 2 , 2009 , the New York Stock Exchange asked her to ring the NASDAQ bell for the Fourth of July week .
In 1984 , she came to the US with her mother , Mayra Rodriguez , leaving behind the rest of her family including her father , Arturo Aruca , and sister Giselle Guzman .
With her popularity came email from soldiers stationed in Iraq asking for her posters and by now famous calendars .
It was also a popular time for the reggaetón music movement and Verónica 's album included as its first single `` Vengo Con To '' which was later quoted by King magazine : `` Mayra Verónica 's moaning make Madonna 's Erotica sound like bubblegum pop ... chew on that Daddy Yankee . ''
A ferry operates between the town and Tortuga Island ( La Tortue ) situated just across the water .
Port-de-Paix is also the chief town of an arrondissement of the same name .
The arrondissement consists of four communes : Port-de-Paix , Bassin Bleu , Chansolme and Tortuga Island .
The area saw great success during the 19th century but in 1902 the town was almost entirely destroyed by fire , and never attained its former status .
Port-de-Paix ( Pòdepè or Pòdpè in Kréyòl ) is a city and the capital of the département of Nord-Ouest in Haïti on the Atlantic coast .
The country of Azerbaijan is a presidential republic , with the President of Azerbaijan as the head of state , and the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan as head of government .
The current President of Azerbaijan is Ilham Aliyev .
The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China , mainly in Sichuan province , but also in the Shaanxi and Gansu provinces .
As a result of farming , deforestation and other development , the panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived .
Pandas in the wild will occasionally eat other grasses , wild tubers , or even meat in the form of birds , rodents or carrion .
In captivity , they may receive honey , eggs , fish , yams , shrub leaves , oranges , or bananas along with specially prepared food .
Though it belongs to the order Carnivora , the panda 's diet is over 99 % bamboo .
The giant panda has a black-and-white coat .
In 1936 , Ruth Harkness became the first Westerner to bring back a live giant panda , a cub named Su Lin which went to live at the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago .
The panda ( Ailuropoda melanoleuca , lit .
The giant panda has a body shape typical of bears .
The average giant panda eats as much as 9 to 14 kg ( 20 to 30 lb ) of bamboo shoots a day .
It has black fur on its ears , eye patches , muzzle , legs , arms and shoulders .
The comparative obscurity of the giant panda throughout most of China 's history is illustrated by the fact that , despite there being a number of depictions of bears in Chinese art starting from its most ancient times , and the bamboo being one of the favorite subjects for Chinese painters , there are no known pre-20th-century artistic representations of giant pandas .
Felinae is a subfamily of the family Felidae , which includes the genera and species listed below .
The Sea of Okhotsk covers 611,000 sq. mi .
Its maximum depth is 11,063 feet ( 3,372 metres ) .
The northeast corner is Shelikhov Gulf .
It is connected to the Sea of Japan on either side of Sakhalin : on the west through the Sakhalin Gulf and the Gulf of Tartary ; on the south , through the La Pérouse Strait .
Coordinates : 55 ° N 150 ° E \/ 55 ° N 150 ° E \/ 55 ; 150 The Sea of Okhotsk ( Russian : Охо́тское мо́ре , tr .
The sea is named after Okhotsk , the first Russian settlement in the Far East .
Okhotskoye More , IPA : ( ɐˈxotskəjə ˈmorʲə ) ) is a marginal sea of the western Pacific Ocean , lying between the Kamchatka Peninsula on the east , the Kuril Islands on the southeast , the island of Hokkaidō to the south , the island of Sakhalin along the west , and a long stretch of eastern Siberian coast ( including the Shantar Islands ) along the west and north .
( 1,583,000 km2 ) , with a mean depth of 2,818 feet ( 859 metres ) .
With the exception of Hokkaidō , one of the Japanese home islands , the sea is surrounded on all sides by territory administered by the Russian Federation .
Muskmelon ( Cucumis melo ) is a species of melon that has been developed into many cultivated varieties .
Muskmelon is native to Persia ( Iran ) , Anatolia , Armenia , and adjacent areas on the west and the east which is believed to be their center of origin and development , with a secondary center including the northwest provinces of India and Afghanistan .
The Armenian cucumber is also a variety of muskmelon , but its shape , taste , and culinary uses more closely resemble those of a cucumber .
Amaterasu was born when Izanagi washed out his left eye , Tsukuyomi was born from the washing of the right eye , and Susanoo from the washing of the nose .
When he was to leave Heaven by orders of Izanagi , he went to bid his sister goodbye .
In Japanese mythology , Amaterasu , the goddess of the sun , is the sister of Susanoo , the god of storms and the sea , and of Tsukuyomi , the god of the moon .
The two were content for a time , but her brother became restless and went on a rampage , destroying Amaterasu 's rice fields , hurling a flayed pony at her loom , and killing one of her attendants in a fit of rage .
Claiming the gods were hers because they were born of her necklace , and the goddesses were his , she decided that she had won the challenge , as his item produced women .
The texts also tell of a long-standing rivalry between Amaterasu and her other brother , Susanoo .
Two years later , Gilbert and Sullivan would write their first work together .
It is not to be confused with the modern language Chaldean Neo-Aramaic .
Aramaic is often spoken of as a single language .
An alliance has three jobs that can be assigned by the leader : the Diplomat , the General and the Home Secretary .
The diplomat is responsible for making treaties , answering messages sent to the alliance , and editing the external alliance page which is viewable by all players .
If you are the leader of the alliance , how many members you can have in your alliance depends on your embassy level .
Citizens of the town can then be trained as soldiers , sent to research new technologies , or perform other tasks , which they are paid tax money for undertaking .
The General is responsible for overlooking all alliance members military movements , and has the ability to call off any attacks being made by alliance members .
The Home Secretary is responsible for editing ranks within the alliance and editing the internal alliance page which is viewed only by the alliance members .
The game also provides four advisors to guide the player throughout the game ; they are shown in the top right of the screen .
Citizens must be kept happy to prevent them from leaving the town .
The game world is split into islands , each of which can support up to 16 ( or up to 17 if the player purchases ambrosia ) players and their towns .
From left to right the names are : Towns , Military , Research and Diplomacy .
Also , you get a small amount of `` bonus '' resources each day , depending on the number of people in your alliance .
This will give them access to a sixth resource , which can be used for Ikariam Plus , the premium version of Ikariam .
Upon registering , players are given control of a small town .
Ikariam is nominally free-to-play but players may opt to purchase in-game advantages via a Microtransaction system .
The aim of the game is to expand the town which is controlled by the player , to gather resources and conquer or placate other players .
With resources the player may construct buildings such as barracks , shipyards and academies .
The town 's inhabitants pay taxes to the player or can be sent to gather resources instead .
The game can be played for short periods of time ; building and researching takes place in real time so the player can return at a later point and assign the town 's inhabitants new tasks .
Each island has its own saw mill for producing wood and one of the other buildings which produces a luxury resource .
Alliances are groups of players who work together .
There are five main types of resources : Wood , Wine , Marble , Crystal Glass and Sulphur .
Although he won the Nobel Prize for his work in immunology , Tonegawa is a molecular biologist by training .
In his later years , he has turned his attention to the molecular and cellular basis of memory formation .
Comparing the DNA of B cells ( a type of white blood cell ) in embryonic and adult mice , he observed that genes in the mature B cells of the adult mice are moved around , recombined , and deleted to form the diversity of the variable region of antibodies .
Tonegawa is best known for figuring out the genetic mechanism of the adaptive immune system .
Susumu Tonegawa ( 利根川 進 Tonegawa Susumu , born September 6 , 1939 ) is a Japanese scientist who won the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1987 for his discovery of the genetic mechanism that produces antibody diversity .
Tonegawa showed in experiments beginning in 1976 , genetic material rearranges itself to form millions of antibodies .
Cobalt ( II ) oxide ( CoO ) and cobalt ( II ) fluoride ( CoF2 ) can also be converted to cobalt ( III ) fluoride using fluorine .
In the eighteen centuries before the Second World War , it was named the Imperial Household Ministry ( 宮内省 , Kunai-shō ? )
The Imperial Household Agency ( 宮内庁 , Kunai-chō ? )
The basic structures remained in place until the Meiji Restoration ( 1868 ) .
is a government agency of Japan in charge of the state matters concerning Japan 's imperial family and also keeping the Privy Seal and the State Seal .
Strasbourg is the seat of several European institutions , such as the Council of Europe ( with its European Court of Human Rights , its European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines and its European Audiovisual Observatory ) and the Eurocorps , as well as the European Parliament and the European Ombudsman of the European Union .
Cyclogenesis describes the process of cyclone formation and intensification .
The largest low-pressure systems are cold-core polar cyclones and extratropical cyclones which lie on the synoptic scale .
Extratropical cyclones form as waves in large regions of enhanced mid-latitude temperature contrasts called baroclinic zones .
This is usually characterized by inward spiraling winds that rotate anti-clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere of the Earth .
Cyclones have also been seen on extraterrestrial planets , such as Mars and Neptune .
These zones contract to form weather fronts as the cyclonic circulation closes and intensifies .
Occluded fronts form late in the cyclone life cycle near the center of the cyclone and often wrap around the storm center .
A cyclone 's track is guided over the course of its 2 to 6 day life cycle by the steering flow of the cancer or subtropical jet stream .
A cyclone is a low pressure area .
Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain , and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences , their behavioral response patterns are different .
Pain creates a withdrawal reflex , while itch leads to a scratch reflex .
Itch ( Latin : pruritus ) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch .
Unmyelinated nerve fibers for itch and pain both originate in the skin ; however , information for them is conveyed centrally in two distinct systems that both use the same nerve bundle and spinothalamic tract .
Neuendorf-Sachsenbande is a municipality in Wilstermarsch , in the district of Steinburg , in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .
The history of the town only dates back to April 15 , 2003 , when the town was formed from the merger of the municipalities of Neuendorf bei Wilster and Sachsenbande to the municipality of Bredensee .
The film was adapted from the short story The Sentinel , by science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke , and the screenplay was written by Kubrick and Clarke in collaboration .
Stanley Kubrick ( \/ ˈkuːbrɪk \/ ; July 26 , 1928 - March 7 , 1999 ) was an American film director , screenwriter , producer , cinematographer , and editor who did much of his work in the United Kingdom .
He settled on A Clockwork Orange ( 1971 ) .
In 1962 , Kubrick moved to England to film Lolita , his first attempt at black comedy .
He is regarded by many as one of the greatest filmmakers of all time .
Barry Lyndon ( 1975 ) was an adaptation of William Makepeace Thackeray 's The Luck of Barry Lyndon ( also known as Barry Lyndon ) , a picaresque novel about the adventures of an 18th-century Irish gambler and social climber .
A few of the methods for achieving this realistic look was explained by Kubrick : Kubrick 's final film was Eyes Wide Shut ( 1999 ) , starring Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman as a wealthy Manhattan couple on a sexual odyssey .
It contained ground-breaking special effects designed by Kubrick to give the viewer a `` dazzling mix of imagination and science , '' and winning Kubrick his only personal Oscar , an Academy Award for Visual Effects .
Kubrick himself once stated : Kubrick spent five years developing his next film , 2001 : A Space Odyssey ( 1968 ) .
The FIBA Basketball World Cup , also known as the FIBA World Cup of Basketball or simply the FIBA World Cup , between 1950 and 2010 known as the FIBA World Championship , is an international basketball competition contested by the men 's national teams of the members of the International Basketball Federation ( FIBA ) , the sport 's global governing body .
Tapirs inhabit jungle and forest regions of South America , Central America , and Southeast Asia .
The five extant species of tapirs are the Brazilian tapir , the Malayan tapir , Baird 's tapir , the kabomani tapir , and the mountain tapir .
Size varies between types , but most tapirs are about 2 m ( 7 ft ) long , stand about 1 m ( 3 ft ) high at the shoulder , and weigh between 150 and 300 kg ( 330 and 700 lb ) .
Baby tapirs of all types have striped-and-spotted coats for camouflage .
Their coats are short and range in color from reddish-brown to gray to nearly black , with the notable exceptions of the Malayan tapir , which has a white , saddle-shaped marking on its back , and the mountain tapir , which has longer , woolly fur .
All tapirs have oval , white-tipped ears , rounded , protruding rumps with stubby tails , and splayed , hooved toes , with four toes on the front feet and three on the hind feet , which help them to walk on muddy and soft ground .
When feeding as a heterotroph , the Euglena surrounds a particle of food and consumes it by phagocytosis .
Euglena is a genus of unicellular flagellate protists .
In low moisture conditions , or when food is scarce , Euglena forms a protective wall around itself and lies dormant as a resting cyst until environmental conditions improve .
Euglena reproduce asexually through binary fission , a form of cell division .
Species of Euglena are found in fresh and salt waters .
Rather , it filters the sunlight that falls on a light-detecting structure at the base of the flagellum ( a swelling , known as the paraflagellar body ) , allowing only certain wavelengths of light to reach it .
After her father 's death , she sets out west to the small wild west town of Colorado Springs , to set up her own practice .
The often horrifying or grotesque masks were used in shamanistic practices for their ability to evoke fear , and humor , in ceremonial rites .
The masks were often made of alder wood , with several coats of lacquer to give the masks gloss , and waterproof them for wearing .
They were used in war , on both soldiers and their horses ; ceremonially , for burial rites in jade and bronze and for shamanistic ceremonies to drive away evil spirits ; to remember the faces of great historical figures in death masks ; and in the arts , particularly in ritual dances , courtly , and theatrical plays .
Dame Janet Baker 's final operatic appearance was as Orfeo in Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice , on 17 July 1982 , at Glyndebourne .
At Glyndebourne she appeared again as Dido ( 1966 ) and as Diana\/Jupiter in Francesco Cavalli 's La Calisto , and Penelope in Monteverdi 's Il ritorno d'Ulisse in Patria .
For the English National Opera , she sang the title role in Monteverdi 's L'incoronazione di Poppea ( 1971 ) , Charlotte in Massenet 's Werther , and the title roles in Donizetti 's Maria Stuarda and Handel 's Giulio Cesare .
With the English Opera Group at Aldeburgh , Baker sang Purcell 's Dido and Aeneas in 1962 , Polly ( in Benjamin Britten 's version of The Beggar 's Opera ) and Lucretia ( in Britten 's The Rape of Lucretia ) .
In 1959 , she sang Eduige in the Handel Opera Society 's Rodelinda ; other Handel roles included Ariodante ( 1964 ) , of which she later made an outstanding recording with Raymond Leppard , and Orlando ( 1966 ) , which she sang at the Barber Institute , Birmingham .
She published a memoir , Full Circle , in 1982 .
Among her most notable achievements are her recordings of the Angel in Elgar 's The Dream of Gerontius , made with Sir John Barbirolli in December 1964 and Sir Simon Rattle over twenty years later ; her 1965 performances of Elgar 's Sea Pictures and Mahler 's Rückert Lieder , also recorded with Barbirolli ; and , also from 1965 , the first commercial recording of Ralph Vaughan Williams 's Christmas oratorio Hodie under Sir David Willcocks .
In 1966 , Janet Baker made her debut as Hermia in Britten 's Midsummer Night 's Dream at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , and went on to sing Berlioz 's Dido , Kate in Britten 's Owen Wingrave , Mozart 's Vitellia and Idamante , Cressida in William Walton 's Troilus and Cressida and the title role in Gluck 's Alceste ( 1981 ) there .
For Scottish Opera she sang Dorabella in Mozart 's Così fan tutte , Dido in Berlioz 's The Trojans as well as Dido in Purcell 's Dido and Aeneas , Octavian in Richard Strauss 's Der Rosenkavalier , the Composer in Ariadne auf Naxos and the role of Orfeo in Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice .
Dame Janet Abbott Baker , CH , DBE , FRSA ( born 21 August 1933 ) is an English mezzo-soprano best known as an opera , concert , and lieder singer .
In her early years Baker worked in a bank , transferring to London in 1953 where she trained with Meriel St Clair and Helene Isepp , whose son Martin became her regular accompanist .
She attended York College for Girls and then Wintringham Girls ' Grammar School in Grimsby .
In 1991 , Baker was elected Chancellor of the University of York .
In 1956 , she made her stage debut with Oxford University 's Opera Club as Miss Róza in Smetana 's The Secret .
That same year , she came second in the Kathleen Ferrier Memorial Competition at the Wigmore Hall , winning national attention .
Janet Abbott Baker was born in Hatfield , South Yorkshire , where her father was an engineer as well as a chorister .
Knocked down by a bus in 1956 , she suffered concussion and a persistently painful back injury .
She was particularly closely associated with baroque and early Italian opera and the works of Benjamin Britten .
In times past , ballroom dancing was social dancing for the privileged , leaving folk dancing for the lower classes .
Sequence dancing , in pairs or other formations , is still a popular style of ballroom dance .
It is the best-selling chess franchise in history , with more than five million units sold as of 2002 ( update ) .
It was introduced in Chessmaster 4000 ; earlier releases featured a chess engine written by David Kittinger .
The Chessmaster chess engine is called The King , written by Johan de Koning of the Netherlands .
Chessmaster is a chess-playing computer game series which is now owned and developed by Ubisoft .
The prevailing Big Bang model accounts for many of the experimental observations described above , such as the correlation of distance and redshift of galaxies , the universal ratio of hydrogen : helium atoms , and the ubiquitous , isotropic microwave radiation background .
The assumption of a uniform dust makes it easy to solve Einstein 's field equations and predict the past and future of the Universe on cosmological time scales .
Typically , the observable Universe is taken to mean the Universe observable from our vantage point in the Milky Way Galaxy .
Eventually , the electrons and nuclei combined to form stable atoms , which are transparent to most wavelengths of radiation ; at this point , the radiation decoupled from the matter , forming the ubiquitous , isotropic background of microwave radiation observed today .
Careful studies of the distribution of these galaxies and their spectral lines have led to much of modern cosmology .
Recent observations also suggest that the cosmological constant ( Λ ) is not zero and that the net mass-energy content of the Universe is dominated by a dark energy and dark matter that have not been characterized scientifically .
Although the matter and antimatter mostly annihilated one another , producing photons , a small residue of matter survived , giving the present matter-dominated Universe .
As the Universe expanded , its energy density decreased and it became cooler ; as it did so , the elementary particles of matter could associate stably into ever larger combinations .
As noted above , the redshift arises from the metric expansion of space ; as the space itself expands , the wavelength of a photon traveling through space likewise increases , decreasing its energy .
Nuclear reactions among the nuclei led to the present abundances of the lighter nuclei , particularly hydrogen , deuterium , and helium .
Several lines of evidence also suggest that a rapid cosmic inflation of the Universe occurred very early in its history ( roughly 10 − 35 seconds after its creation ) .
Because these are unknown in exact detail , cosmological models have been based on the cosmological principle , which states that the Universe is homogeneous and isotropic .
General relativity provides a set of ten nonlinear partial differential equations for the spacetime metric ( Einstein 's field equations ) that must be solved from the distribution of mass-energy and momentum throughout the Universe .
Thus , in the early part of the matter-dominated era , stable protons and neutrons formed , which then associated into atomic nuclei .
The longer a photon has been traveling , the more expansion it has undergone ; hence , older photons from more distant galaxies are the most red-shifted .
Thus , although the energy density of the Universe is now dominated by matter , it was once dominated by radiation ; poetically speaking , all was light .
Other experimental observations can be explained by combining the overall expansion of space with nuclear and atomic physics .
Determining the correlation between distance and redshift is an important problem in experimental physical cosmology .
In effect , this principle asserts that the gravitational effects of the various galaxies making up the Universe are equivalent to those of a fine dust distributed uniformly throughout the Universe with the same average density .
In principle , the other unconnected universes may have different dimensionalities and topologies of space-time , different forms of matter and energy , and different physical laws and physical constants , although such possibilities are purely speculative .
According to one common terminology , each `` soap bubble '' of space-time is denoted as a universe , whereas our particular space-time is denoted as the Universe , just as we call our moon the Moon .
Strictly speaking , the observable Universe depends on the location of the observer .
As the Universe expands , the energy density of the electromagnetic radiation decreases more quickly than does that of matter , because the energy of a photon decreases with its wavelength .
At this stage , the matter in the Universe was mainly a hot , dense plasma of negative electrons , neutral neutrinos and positive nuclei .
Although many scientists , including Einstein , had speculated that Λ was zero , recent astronomical observations of type Ia supernovae have detected a large amount of `` dark energy '' that is accelerating the Universe 's expansion .
Nevertheless , even the most rapid traveler will not be able to interact with all of space .
However , because rigorous experiments have not been carried out on cosmological length scales , general relativity could conceivably be inaccurate .
According to a still-more-restrictive definition , the Universe is everything within our connected space-time that could have a chance to interact with us and vice versa .
For example , radio messages sent from Earth may never reach some regions of space , even if the Universe would live forever : space may expand faster than light can traverse it .
The entire collection of these separate space-times is denoted as the multiverse .
Depending on its sign , the cosmological constant can either slow ( negative Λ ) or accelerate ( positive Λ ) the expansion of the Universe .
Dark matter gravitates as ordinary matter does , and thus slows the expansion of the Universe ; by contrast , dark energy serves to accelerate the Universe 's expansion .
The best theory available is Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity , which has passed all experimental tests to date .
According to the general theory of relativity , some regions of space may never interact with ours even in the lifetime of the Universe due to the finite speed of light and the ongoing expansion of space .
Preliminary studies suggest that this dark energy corresponds to a positive Λ , although alternative theories can not be ruled out as yet .
They differ in their gravitational effects .
Nevertheless , its cosmological predictions appear to be consistent with observations , so there is no compelling reason to adopt another theory .
Several independent experimental measurements support this theoretical expansion and , more generally , the Big Bang theory .
The spatial region within which we can affect and be affected is the observable universe .
According to the prevailing scientific model of the Universe , known as the Big Bang , the Universe expanded from an extremely hot , dense phase called the Planck epoch , in which all the matter and energy of the observable universe was concentrated .
An easily visualized metaphor is a group of separate soap bubbles , in which observers living on one soap bubble can not interact with those on other soap bubbles , even in principle .
According to the prevailing theory , a slight imbalance of matter over antimatter was present in the Universe 's creation , or developed very shortly thereafter , possibly due to the CP violation that has been observed by particle physicists .
Einstein 's field equations include a cosmological constant ( Λ ) , that corresponds to an energy density of empty space .
The broadest definition of the Universe is found in De divisione naturae by the medieval philosopher and theologian Johannes Scotus Eriugena , who defined it as simply everything : everything that is created and everything that is not created .
By traveling , an observer can come into contact with a greater region of space-time than an observer who remains still .
Distant regions of space are taken to exist and be part of reality as much as we are , yet we can never interact with them .
Given gravitation 's predominance in shaping cosmological structures , accurate predictions of the Universe 's past and future require an accurate theory of gravitation .
Over the centuries , more precise observations and improved theories of gravity led to Copernicus 's heliocentric model and the Newtonian model of the Solar System , respectively .
Other observations are not answered definitively by known physics .
Recent observations indicate that this expansion is accelerating because of dark energy , and that most of the matter in the Universe may be in a form which can not be detected by present instruments , called dark matter .
More customarily , the Universe is defined as everything that exists , ( has existed , and will exist ) .
Further improvements in astronomy led to the realization that the Solar System is embedded in a galaxy composed of billions of stars , the Milky Way , and that other galaxies exist outside it , as far as astronomical instruments can reach .
Since we can not observe space beyond the limitations of light ( or any electromagnetic radiation ) , it is uncertain whether the size of the Universe is finite or infinite .
According to general relativity , space can expand faster than the speed of light , although we can view only a small portion of the Universe due to the limitation imposed by light speed .
He is also called Bapu ( Gujarati : endearment for `` father '' , `` papa '' ) in India .
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was born on 2 October 1869 in Porbandar , a coastal town on the Kathiawar Peninsula and then part of the small princely state of Porbandar in the Kathiawar Agency of the British Indian Empire .
Gandhi famously led Indians in challenging the British-imposed salt tax with the 400 km ( 250 mi ) Dandi Salt March in 1930 , and later in calling for the British to Quit India in 1942 .
Eventually , in August 1947 , Britain granted independence , but the British Indian Empire was partitioned into two dominions , a Hindu-majority India and Muslim Pakistan .
The 2009-10 Nashville Predators season is the Nashville Predators ' 12th season in the National Hockey League .
The WWE Hall of Fame is a hall of fame for professional wrestling personalities maintained by WWE .
In June 2013 , Azalea confirmed that the album was nearly finished and that it 's slated for release in September 2013 .
On 27 September 2011 , Azalea released her first full-length project , a mixtape titled Ignorant Art , saying she made it `` with the intent to make people question and redefine old ideals '' .
Amethyst Amelia Kelly ( born 7 June 1990 ) , better known by her stage name Iggy Azalea ( \/ əˈzeɪljə \/ ) , is an Australian recording artist and model from Mullumbimby , New South Wales .
The inaugural match of the new building was played on June 24 , 1999 , when Atlético Paranaense beat Cerro Porteño of Paraguay 2-1 .
The inaugural match of the old stadium was played on September 6 , 1914 , when Flamengo beat Internacional 7-1 .
The stadium went back to its old name , Arena da Baixada .
In 2005 , the stadium was renamed Kyocera Arena , after the Japanese company Kyocera purchased the naming rights .
The stadium was built at the previous location of a Brazilian Army powder depot .
In 1934 , the stadium was renamed Estádio Joaquim Américo Guimarães .
The first goal of the stadium after its reinauguration was scored by Atlético 's Lucas .
After being reopened in 1984 and operating for some years , the old stadium building was demolished on March 26 , 1997 , right after a construction project of a new arena was announced .
The first goal of the stadium was scored by Flamengo 's Arnaldo .
In the 1970s , the original stadium was closed down .
In June 1999 , the new stadium was built .
The contract with Kyocera that gave the company naming rights expired in early 2008 .
The stadium 's attendance record currently stands at 31,740 , set on December 16 , 2001 when Atlético Paranaense beat São Caetano 4-2 , on the first game of that year 's Brazilian Championship finals .
It was not renewed , and no new partnership was announced .
The stadium will be one of the host venues for the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
Estádio Joaquim Américo Guimarães , commonly referred to as Arena da Baixada ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aˈɾẽnɐ dɐ bajˈʃadɐ ) ) , is a football stadium in the Água Verde neighborhood of Curitiba , Paraná .
Bonde da Stronda ( also known as BDS ) is a Brazilian hip hop group formed in 2006 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , by the MC 's Mr. Thug and Léo Stronda .
In 2007 Mc Cot decided to leave the group .
The group started in November 2006 and was formed by Mr. Thug ( Diego Raphael Villanueva ) , Léo Stronda ( Leonardo Schulz Cardoso ) , Mc Cot ( Marcus Vinicius Mello ) and Mc Night ( Patrick Baptista Lopess ) .
Bonde da Stronda started a project with two singles that each member sings about his hobby .
With the independent release of the songs on the internet , were recognized by the media .
In 2009 they did a remake of music of the 1980s `` Tic Tic Nervoso '' of Kid Vinil , is on the soundtrack to the novel Malhação ID displayed by Rede Globo , also released a video clip of the song was the first official video of the group .
In 2008 they released their first independent album called `` Stronda Style '' .
William Moseley , Anna Popplewell , Georgie Henley and Skandar Keynes play Peter , Susan , Lucy and Edmund , four British children evacuated during the Blitz to the countryside , who find a wardrobe that leads to the fantasy world of Narnia .
It was the best selling DVD in North America in 2006 taking in $ 332.7 million that year .
In the morning he is resurrected because `` there is a magic deeper still the Witch does not know '' .
Mr. Pevensie is only glimpsed in a photo which Edmund tries to retrieve during the bombing , which is of Sim-Evan Jones ' father .
The radio-announcer that Peter listens to on the rainy day near the beginning of the film is played by Douglas Gresham , co-producer of the movie and C. S. Lewis 's stepson .
Beginning in 2002 , Adamson went through 2500 audition tapes , met 1800 children and workshopped 400 before coming down to the final four actors for the Pevensies .
Keynes ' voice broke during filming , so some of his voice track had to be re-looped by his sister Soumaya .
With the exception of Tilda Swinton , who was the first choice to play Jadis , the White Witch , casting was a long process .
They discover Mr. Tumnus has been taken by the Witch , and meet Mr. and Mrs. Beaver , who tell them about Aslan .
Moseley and Popplewell came from the very start of casting , whilst Henley and Keynes were cast relatively late .
The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe is a 2005 fantasy adventure film directed by Andrew Adamson and based on The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , the first published and second chronological novel in C. S. Lewis 's children 's epic fantasy series , The Chronicles of Narnia .
He quit school to learn all his lines and beat 3000 boys to the role of Peter .
Aslan takes Susan and Lucy to the Witch 's castle , where he frees the prisoners that the White Witch turned to stone .
Edmund is chained in the Witch 's dungeon , where he meets Tumnus .
The Witch sends wolves to hunt down the children and the beavers , who barely escape .
Later , two wolves ambush Lucy and Susan .
That night , as Lucy and Susan covertly watch , Aslan is killed by the White Witch .
It won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Makeup and various other awards and is the first film in the series of films based on the books .
It was co-produced by Walden Media and Walt Disney Pictures and distributed by Buena Vista Pictures .
Edmund sneaks off to visit the Witch .
The Witch demands that Edmund reveal where his siblings are .
The film was released on December 9 , 2005 , in both Europe and North America to positive reviews and was highly successful at the box office grossing more than $ 745 million worldwide , making it 2005 's third most successful film .
There they ally with the Lion Aslan ( voiced by Liam Neeson ) against the forces of Jadis , the White Witch ( Tilda Swinton ) .
The four must help Aslan ; it has been prophesied that if two sons of Adam and two daughters of Eve sit in the four thrones , the White Witch 's reign will end .
Some of Aslan 's troops follow the other wolf to the witch 's camp and rescue Edmund .
While the Pevensies are playing hide-and-seek , Lucy discovers a wardrobe and enters a wintry fantasy world called Narnia .
As the Witch fights Peter , Aslan arrives with reinforcements and kills her .
Brian Cox was originally cast in the role on December 9 , 2004 , but Adamson changed his mind .
While Peter , Lucy , Susan and the beavers travel , they hide from what they believe to be the White Witch .
The White Witch journeys to Aslan 's camp and claims the traitor Edmund , but Aslan secretly offers to sacrifice himself instead .
While running away from Mrs Macready after accidentally breaking a window , the four siblings retreat to the wardrobe and enter Narnia .
One night , Edmund follows Lucy into the wardrobe .
Lucy later attempts to return to Narnia via the wardrobe , but Professor Kirke tells her he has tried for many years , and they will probably return to Narnia when they least expect to .
If a human is encountered they are to be brought to her .
When she returns , hardly any time has passed in the normal world ; her siblings do not believe her story , and when they look in the wardrobe it has a normal back .
It is really Father Christmas , a sign that the Witch 's reign is ending .
She offers him Turkish Delight as well as the prospect of becoming king and having power over his siblings if he brings them to her castle .
When he arrives at her castle , she is angry that he did not deliver his siblings .
After evading wolves led by Maugrim , the group reaches Aslan 's camp .
The Magic Tour was the biggest and final tour by the English rock band Queen with their lead singer Freddie Mercury and their bassist John Deacon .
The band would not tour again until 19 years later , when the Queen + Paul Rodgers Tour began in 2005 , after the death of Freddie Mercury on 24 November 1991 , and the retirement of John Deacon in 1997 .
In 1987 , Mercury was diagnosed with AIDS and the band together made the decision to cease touring , making the concert at Knebworth on 9 August 1986 the last time the four members of Queen would perform on stage together .
The Magic Tour took in 26 dates around Europe 's stadiums , in support of their latest album A Kind of Magic .
Rising from a lowly page at the court of the House of Stuart , he served James , Duke of York , through the 1670s and early 1680s , earning military and political advancement through his courage and diplomatic skill .
His marriage to the hot-tempered Sarah Jennings - Anne 's intimate friend - ensured Marlborough 's rise , first to the Captain-Generalcy of British forces , then to a dukedom .
Churchill 's role in defeating the Monmouth Rebellion in 1685 helped secure James on the throne , yet just three years later he abandoned his Catholic patron for the Protestant Dutchman , William of Orange .
John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough , Prince of Mindelheim , Prince of Mellenburg , KG , PC ( \/ ˈmɑrlbərə \/ , often \/ ˈmɔrlbrə \/ ; 26 May 1650 - 16 June 1722 O. S ) , was an English soldier and statesman whose career spanned the reigns of five monarchs .
Although in the end he could not compel total capitulation from his enemies , his victories allowed Britain to rise from a minor to a major power , ensuring the country 's growing prosperity throughout the 18th century .
They originated in the Andes , and earlier studies based on biochemistry and hybridization suggested they are domesticated descendants of a closely related species of cavy such as Cavia aperea , C. fulgida , or C. tschudii and , therefore , do not exist naturally in the wild .
Male guinea pigs may also mark their territory in this way when they are taken out of their cages .
For example , sailing ships stopping to reprovision in the New World would pick up stores of guinea pigs , which provided an easily transportable source of fresh meat .
Guinea pigs have also been featured in film and television .
Thirteen million copies were sold while it was still in print in the late 90s .
An audio CD entitled Return to Pride Rock : Songs Inspired by Disney 's The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride was released on September 8 , 1998 .
They sold 3.5 million copies in three days .
In 1999 , Disney believed that The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride would be so popular that it shipped 15 million copies to stores on April 27 .
Although not promoted as a soundtrack to the film , it contained all the songs from the film and some additional songs inspired by it by Lebo M.
The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride received mixed to positive reviews .
The Norwegian Elkhound is one of the ancient Northern Spitz-type breed of dog and is the National Dog of Norway .
Sheboygan County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Its county seat is Sheboygan .
Sheboygan County comprises the Sheboygan , WI Metropolitan Statistical Area .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of 1,271 square miles ( 3,290 km2 ) , of which 511 square miles ( 1,320 km2 ) is land and 760 square miles ( 2,000 km2 ) ( 59.8 % ) is water .
As of the 2010 census , the population was 115,507 .
Common names include : red diamond rattlesnake , red rattlesnake , red diamond snake , red diamond-backed rattlesnake , red rattler , and western diamond rattlesnake .
Neonates are 30 to 34 cm in length .
This species preys on rabbits , ground squirrels , birds , lizards , and other snakes .
Common names : red diamond rattlesnake , red rattlesnake , red diamond snake , more Crotalus ruber is a venomous pit viper species found in southwestern California in the United States and Baja California in Mexico .
Priest died early in the first winter , on January 1 , 1621 of the `` general sickness '' .
Degory Priest married Sarah ( Allerton ) Vincent on November 4 , 1611 .
Their burial places are unknown .
According to Banks , the name of Digory Priest or Prust is common in Devon and Cornwall .
Sarah 's maiden name was Allerton and was a sister of Mayflower passenger Isaac Allerton .
On June 28 , 1617 Priest requested two tobacco pipe-makers to sign an affidavit that he had not hit John Cripps on June 17 , 1617 but only `` touched his Jabot '' - i.e. the frill on the front of his shirt .
On April 9 , 1619 , Degory Priest and Samuel Lee , both hatters , signed a good behavior document on behalf of Nicholas Claverly , a tobacco-pipe maker , who had arrived in Leiden about 1615 and resided in a house owned by Degory Priest .
He was aged about 42 years .
Degory Priest ( c. 1579 - c. 1621 ) He was a member of the Leiden contingent on the historic 1620 voyage of the ship Mayflower .
The Mayflower Compact was signed that day .
Records show that on May 3 , 1619 Degory Priest witnessed an affidavit to a statement signed by Richard Tyrill stating that Nicholas Claverly was not connected with the murder of Tyrill 's brother John Tyrill .
He became a citizen ( burgess ) of Leiden on November 16 , 1615 with guarantors being future Mayflower compatriot Isaac Allerton and Roger Wilson .
Leiden records further indicate that on January 18 , 1618 a statement signed by tailor Isaac Allerton was witnessed by Degory Priest regarding the estimated value of a crimson coat .
Degory Priest came alone of the Mayflower , with his family remaining in Leiden .
The small , 100-foot ship had 102 passengers and a crew of about 30-40 in extremely cramped conditions .
He was a hat-maker from Leiden , as was Priest , and had been in communion with the Pilgrims before their emigration .
Degory Priest departed Plymouth , England aboard the Mayflower on September 6\/16 , 1620 .
He was buried likely sometime in January 1621 in Coles Hill Burial Ground in Plymouth , most probably in an unmarked grave , as was the custom that first winter .
Paul Evans of Rolling Stone gave the album three and a half of five stars calling it `` Cool , sexy stuff , it smoothly fuses dub , club and soul , grounding its grace in sampled hip-hop beats . ''
It is the second and last Massive Attack album listed in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die .
Protection was featured in the top ten of Rolling Stone magazine 's ` Coolest Albums of All Time List , ' calling it `` great music for when you 're driving around a city at 4 am , '' due to the ` chill out ' nature of the album .
DJ Mad Professor remixed the album in 1995 under the name No Protection .
Like most of Massive Attack 's albums , the music often defies categorisation , ranging from R&B ( title track and `` Sly '' ) to hip hop\/rap ( `` Karmacoma '' and `` Eurochild '' ) to reggae-tinged synthpop ( `` Spying Glass '' ) to classical-influenced electronica instrumentals ( `` Weather Storm '' and `` Heat Miser '' ) .
Protection is the second album by Bristol-based trip hop collective Massive Attack .
The series follows local politician Mel Burke ( Melissa Joan Hart ) and Joe Longo ( Joey Lawrence ) , whom Mel hires to look after her niece and nephew after a Ponzi scheme leaves him broke .
So when Mel finds it hard to handle an instant family and her own life , she hires Joe to become the family 's new male nanny , or `` manny '' .
Melissa & Joey is an ABC Family original television series starring Melissa Joan Hart and Joey Lawrence that premiered on ABC Family on August 17 , 2010 .
The series was renewed by ABC Family for a second season of fifteen episodes , which began airing on May 30 , 2012 and ended on August 29 , 2012 .
On August 17 , 2012 , ABC Family renewed Melissa & Joey for a third season , set to premiere on May 29 , 2013 .
Melissa & Joey ranks as cable TV 's # 1 telecast at 8 o'clock across target audiences 18-34 , 18-49 and 12-34 demographics .
The 2008-09 New Jersey Devils season is the team 's 27th season in the National Hockey League since the franchise relocated to New Jersey .
A solar cell ( also called a photovoltaic cell ) is an electrical device that converts the energy of light directly into electricity by the photovoltaic effect .
Cadmium telluride ( CdTe ) , copper indium gallium selenide ( CIGS ) and amorphous silicon ( a-Si ) are three thin-film technologies often used as outdoor photovoltaic solar power production .
He evolved a non-representational form which he termed neoplasticism .
The History of Rock & Roll was a radio documentary on rock and roll music , originally syndicated in 1969 .
The `` rockumentary , '' as producers Bill Drake and Gene Chenault called it , featured hundreds of interviews and comments from numerous rock artists and people involved with rock and roll .
These islands have the driest climate in Indonesia .
Only Sumbawa now contains a large area of intact natural forest , while Komodo , Rincah and Padar are now protected as Komodo National Park .
The eastern half of Timor , is part of East Timor .
Thorn trees used to be more common in coastal areas of the islands but have largely been cleared .
General observations about small islands that can be applied to Nusa Tenggara include :
The endemic mammals are the endangered Flores Shrew ( Suncus mertensi ) , the vulnerable Komodo Rat ( Komodomys rintjanus ) , and Lombok Flying Fox ( Pteropus lombocensis ) , Sunda Long-eared Bat ( Nyctophilus heran ) while the carnivorous Komodo dragon , which at three metres long and ninety kilograms in weight is the world 's largest lizard , is found on Komodo , Rincah , Gili Motang , and the coast of northwestern Flores .
Together with the Greater Sunda Islands to the west they make up the Sunda Islands .
The Lesser Sunda Islands or Nusa Tenggara ( `` Southeastern Islands '' ) are a group of islands in the southern Maritime Southeast Asia , north of Australia .
There are a number of volcanoes located on the Lesser Sunda Islands .
The islands east of the Lombok Strait are part of Wallacea , and are thus characterised by a blend of wildlife of Asian and Australasian origin in this region .
Although most of the vegetation on these islands is dry forest there are patches of rainforest on these islands too , especially in lowland areas and riverbanks on Komodo , and there is a particular area of dry thorny forest on the southeast coast of Lombok .
The higher slopes of the islands contain forests of tall Podocarpus conifers and Engelhardias with an undergrowth of lianas , epiphytes , and orchids such as Corybas , Corymborkis , and Malaxis ( Adder 's Mouth ) , while the coastal plains were originally savanna grasses such as the savanna with Borassus flabellifer palm trees on the coasts of Komodo , Rincah and Flores .
The Lesser Sundas comprise many islands , most of which are part of Indonesia and are administered as the provinces of Bali , West Nusa Tenggara , East Nusa Tenggara and southern part of Maluku .
Lying at the collision of two tectonic plates , the Lesser Sunda Islands comprise some of the most geologically complex and active regions in the world .
The islands are part of a volcanic arc , the Sunda Arc , formed by subduction along the Java Trench in the Java Sea .
These islands are home to unique species including seventeen endemic birds ( of the 273 birds found on the islands ) .
As described by Alfred Wallace in The Malay Archipelago , the Wallace Line passes between Bali and Lombok , along the deep waters of the Lombok Strait which formed a water barrier even when lower sea levels linked the now-separated islands and landmasses on either side .
The Lesser Sunda Islands differ from the large islands of Java or Sumatra in consisting of many small islands , sometimes divided by deep oceanic trenches .
A number of the islands east of the Wallace line , from Lombok and Sumbawa east to Flores and Alor , having original vegetation of dry forest rather than the rain forest that covers much of the Indonesian region , have been designated by the World Wildlife Fund as the Lesser Sundas deciduous forests ecoregion .
Asian species predominate in the Lesser Sundas : Weber 's Line , which marks the boundary between the parts of Wallacea with mainly Asian and Australasian species respectively , runs to the east of the group .
More than half of the original vegetation of the islands has been cleared for planting of rice and other crops , for settlement and by consequent forest fires .
The northern archipelago began to be formed during the Pliocene , about 15 million years ago , as a result of the collision between the Australian and the Asian plates .
The islands of the southern archipelago , including Sumba , Timor and Babar , are non-volcanic and appear to belong to the Australian plate .
The Lesser Sunda Islands consist of two geologically distinct archipelagos .
Movement of flora and fauna between islands is limited , leading to the evolution of a high rate of localized species , most famously the Komodo dragon .
The 2009 Atlantic hurricane season was a below-average Atlantic hurricane season that produced eleven tropical cyclones , nine named storms , three hurricanes , and two major hurricanes .
As Ana regenerated into a tropical depression , a new tropical depression developed early on August 15 southwest of the Cape Verde Islands .
Just one day after the formation of Hurricane Bill , the season 's third named storm developed on August 16 .
The season 's first tropical cyclone , Tropical Depression One , developed on May 28 , while the final storm , Hurricane Ida , dissipated on November 10 .
Early on August 15 , the storm re-attained tropical storm status , at which time it was named Ana .
On September 1 , the season 's fifth named storm , Tropical Storm Erika , formed east of the Lesser Antilles .
As a tropical cyclone , the depression had no impact on land .
By May 28 , deep convection developed across a small area over the low pressure system , leading to the National Hurricane Center classifying the system as Tropical Depression One .
In the southern Caribbean , Hurricane Ida caused roughly $ 2.1 million in damage in Nicaragua after destroying numerous homes and leaving an estimated 40,000 people homeless .
Early on August 17 , the center of Claudette made landfall on Santa Rosa Island .
The Transmission Control Protocol ( TCP ) is one of the core protocols of the Internet protocol suite ( IP ) , and is so common that the entire suite is often called TCP\/IP .
Once the TCP receiver has reassembled the sequence of octets originally transmitted , it passes them to the receiving application .
, occasionally known as Empress Regent Jingū ( 神功天皇 , Jingū-tennō ? )
Empress Consort Jingū ( 神功皇后 , Jingū-kōgō ? )
No firm dates can be assigned to this historical figure 's life or reign .
Up until the Meiji period , Jingū was considered to have been the 15th Japanese imperial ruler , according to the traditional order of succession ( hence her alternate title Jingū tennō 神功天皇 ) ; but a re-evaluation of the extant historical records caused her name to be removed from that list ; and her son , Emperor Ōjin , is today considered to have been the 15th sovereign .
Krumbach ( elevation 512 m ( 1680 ft ) ) is situated in Mittelschwaben in the natural region Lower Iller-Lech Gravel Plateau ( a part of the region between Danube and the Alps ) in the valley of the Kammel , a left tributary of the Mindel river and so an indirect tributary of the Danube river .
Krumbach ( also : Krumbach ( Schwaben ) ) is a town with about 12,500 residents in the district Günzburg in the Bavarian administrative region Swabia , Germany .
Most recently , Krashen promotes the use of free voluntary reading during second-language acquisition , which he says `` is the most powerful tool we have in language education , first and second . ''
He spent two years in Ethiopia teaching English and science with the Peace Corps .
^ 6 Dr. Krashen also holds a black belt in Tae Kwon Do , and was the winner of the 1978 Venice Beach Open Incline Press .
Dr. Krashen has published more than 350 papers and books , contributing to the fields of second-language acquisition , bilingual education , and reading .
He is credited with introducing various influential concepts and terms in the study of second-language acquisition , including the acquisition-learning hypothesis , the input hypothesis , the monitor hypothesis , the affective filter , and the natural order hypothesis .
Stephen Krashen is professor emeritus at the University of Southern California , who moved from the linguistics department to the faculty of the School of Education in 1994 .
He is a linguist , educational researcher , and activist .
Jorge González ( January 31 , 1966 - September 22 , 2010 ) was an Argentine basketball player and professional wrestler .
González grew a beard and wore a full body suit that featured airbrushed muscles with bushy hair attached .
However , he was unable to adapt to the physical demands of NBA basketball , partly due to a serious knee injury .
Along with Hernán Montenegro ( drafted # 57 ) , they became the first Argentine players drafted in the NBA .
González stood 2.29 m ( 7 ft 6 in ) , making him the tallest Argentine basketball player in history .
González took part in the 1988 NBA Draft , being chosen by the Atlanta Hawks in the third round ( # 54 selection ) .
Gonzalez lost to The Undertaker at WrestleMania IX by disqualification after he knocked out the Undertaker using chloroform .
He was introduced at the Royal Rumble in January 1993 , where he eliminated Wippleman 's nemesis The Undertaker from the Royal Rumble match despite not being an official participant .
Though the storm was forecast to remain far away from the Gulf of Mexico , investors tracking the storm caused the price of crude oil to rise 60 cents a barrel due to the potential impact to oil installations .
After passing near the Cape Verde islands , Debby moved generally northwestward for much of its life , reaching a peak intensity of 50 mph ( 85 km\/h ) .
Though convection decreased early on August 21 , the area of low pressure remained well-organized and the system developed into Tropical Depression Four late on August 21 .
Tropical Storm Debby was the fifth tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season .
Banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened , and on August 23 Debby attained a peak intensity of 50 mph ( 85 km\/h ) over the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean .
Debby formed just off the coast of Africa on August 21 from a tropical wave .
Strong wind shear weakened the storm , and Debby dissipated on August 27 over the northern Atlantic Ocean .
The center of the storm became asymmetric and elongated , and on August 26 Debby weakened to a tropical depression .
Convection remained minimal and it quickly degenerated into a remnant area of low pressure .
Long range forecasts brought the storm near Bermuda .
Forecasters predicted Debby to continue to intensify to attain hurricane status , while its projected path placed the storm in an area of warm water temperatures and moderate upper level shear .
Organization continued , and Debby again reached its peak intensity of 50 mph ( 85 km\/h ) on August 24 .
While passing around 115 mi ( 185 km ) to the southwest of the southwestern most islands , the depression produced a 35 mph ( 55 km\/h ) wind gust at Fogo and some rainfall , though no damage was reported .
The low turned to the north and north-northeast ahead of an approaching trough , and on August 28 the low dissipated .
However Debby remained over 900 mi ( 1,450 km ) from the island at its closest approach .
Convection redeveloped over a portion of the center , while banding features redeveloped as well .
Water temperatures remained warm enough for development , while upper level shear was minimal as the depression moved west-northwestward due to a ridge of high pressure to its north .
Southerly wind shear displaced the convection to the north of the center , and Debby weakened to a minimal tropical storm on August 25 .
Shortly after reaching its peak intensity , Debby encountered an area of dry air , and subsequently weakened .
Early in its life , Debby was forecast to pass through the southern Cape Verde islands as a tropical storm , potentially causing life-threatening flooding .
The National Hurricane Center stated that heavy rainfall , potentially as high as 10 in ( 250 mm ) in mountainous areas , would be possible in the territory , possibly causing life-threatening flash floods and mudslides .
The low level circulation detached itself from the diminishing convection while the system as a whole continued west-northwestward .
A vigorous tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa late on August 20 , and almost immediately developed convective banding and a broad circulation .
The government of the Cape Verde islands issued a tropical storm warning coinciding with the issuance of the first advisory on Tropical Depression Four , meaning tropical storm conditions were expected in the area within 24 hours .
On August 22 , as it passed 140 mi ( 225 km ) to south of the Cape Verde islands , deep convection developed over the center of circulation , and early on August 23 the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Debby about 300 mi ( 485 km ) southwest of Cape Verde .
The National Hurricane Center continually predicted Debby to intensify to hurricane status , though strong vertical shear ultimately prevented the storm from becoming a hurricane .
Initial predictions by the National Hurricane Center also forecast a motion to the northwest based on consistent model predictions , though , as quoted by forecaster James Franklin , `` The models have also been excellently wrong thus far '' .
However , due to a reformation further to the south , tropical storm warnings were discontinued as the depression moved from the area .
A broad area of low pressure formed within the wave the next day while located 260 mi ( 420 km ) southeast of the Cape Verde islands .
Despite a decrease in convection shortly after forming , the large depression remained well organized , with a wind field 575 mi ( 930 km ) in diameter .
Most computer models consistently predicted Debby to track to the northwest throughout its lifetime , though intensity was more problematic for forecasters .
WWE had been using the NXT name for a television program featuring rookies from FCW competing to become WWE Superstars , though the `` reality television '' aspects of the show had been dropped earlier in 2012 ; WWE NXT now serves as the primary television program for the promotion .
After the ball hits the front wall , it is allowed to bounce once on the floor ( and any number of times against the side or back walls ) before a player must return it .
In the report , the commission coined what has become the most often-quoted definition of sustainable development : `` development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs . ''
Batman is a 1960s American live action television series , based on the DC comic book character of the same name .
It aired on the ABC network for three seasons from January 12 , 1966 to March 14 , 1968 .
The Coordinating Bureau , also based at the UN , is the main instrument for directing the work of the movement 's task forces , committees and working groups .
The countries of the Non-Aligned Movement represent nearly two-thirds of the United Nations 's members and contain 55 % of the world population .
The organization was founded in Belgrade in 1961 , and was largely conceived by India 's first prime minister , Jawaharlal Nehru ; Indonesia 's first president , Sukarno ; Egypt 's second president , Gamal Abdel Nasser ; Ghana 's first president Kwame Nkrumah ; and Yugoslavia 's president , Josip Broz Tito .
The Non-Aligned Movement ( NAM ) is a group of states which are not formally aligned with or against any major power bloc .
In a speech given during the Havana Declaration of 1979 , Fidel Castro said the purpose of the organization is to ensure `` the national independence , sovereignty , territorial integrity and security of non-aligned countries '' in their `` struggle against imperialism , colonialism , neo-colonialism , racism , and all forms of foreign aggression , occupation , domination , interference or hegemony as well as against great power and bloc politics '' .
Between summits , the Non-Aligned Movement is run by the Chairperson elected at last summit meeting .
As of 2012 ( update ) , the movement has 120 members and 17 observer countries .
After the battle with the Titans , Zeus shared the world with his elder brothers , Poseidon and Hades , by drawing lots : Zeus got the sky and air , Poseidon the waters , and Hades the world of the dead ( the underworld ) .
Rhea hid Zeus in a cave on Mount Ida in Crete .
At university , Ballard was writing avant-garde fiction heavily influenced by psychoanalysis and surrealist painters .
His family lived in a small area in G block , a two-story residence for 40 families .
Ballard was born and raised in the Shanghai International Settlement , an area under foreign control where people `` lived an American style of life '' .
Ballard then worked as a copywriter for an advertising agency and as an encyclopedia salesman .
At this time , he wanted to become a writer as well as pursue a medical career .
In spring 1954 Ballard joined the Royal Air Force and was sent to the RCAF flight-training base in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , Canada .
After the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War , Ballard 's family were forced to temporarily evacuate their suburban home and rent a house in central Shanghai to avoid the shells fired by Chinese and Japanese forces .
However , he was asked to leave at the end of the year .
After a couple of years his mother and sister returned to China , rejoining Ballard 's father , leaving Ballard to live with his grandparents when not boarding at school .
In early 1943 , they began to intern Allied civilians , and Ballard was sent to the Lunghua Civilian Assembly Center with his parents and younger sister .
He spent over two years , the remainder of World War II , in the internment camp .
They lived in the outskirts of Plymouth , and he attended The Leys School in Cambridge .
In 1955 he married Helen Mary Matthews and settled in Chiswick , the first of their three children being born the following year .
He kept writing short fiction but found it impossible to get published .
James Graham `` J. G. '' Ballard ( 15 November 1930 - 19 April 2009 ) was an English novelist , short story writer , and essayist .
He was sent to the Cathedral School in Shanghai .
In 1949 he went on to study medicine at King 's College , Cambridge , with the intention of becoming a psychiatrist .
It is has been supposed that Ballard 's exposure to the atrocities of war at an impressionable age explains the apocalyptic and violent nature of much of his fiction .
Ballard 's father was a chemist at a Manchester-based textile firm , the Calico Printers ' Association , and became chairman and managing director of its subsidiary in Shanghai , the China Printing and Finishing Company .
Ballard left the RAF in 1955 after thirteen months and returned to England .
Although Ballard published several novels and short story collections throughout the seventies and eighties , his breakthrough into the mainstream came only with Empire of the Sun in 1984 , based on his years in Shanghai and the Lunghua internment camp .
In late 1945 , after the end of the war , his mother returned to Britain with Ballard and his sister on the SS Arawa .
After the Japanese attack on Hong Kong , the Japanese occupied the International Settlement in Shanghai .
Ballard continued to write until the end of his life , and also contributed occasional journalism and criticism to the British press .
One of these , the giant oarfish ( Regalecus glesne ) , is the longest bony fish alive , growing to up to 11 m ( 36 ft ) in length .
The family name Regalecidae is derived from the Latin regalis , meaning `` royal '' .
The tools used to collect such information are called psychophysical methods .
The absolute threshold of hearing ( ATH ) is the minimum sound level of a pure tone that an average ear with normal hearing can hear with no other sound present .
Measurement of the absolute hearing threshold provides some basic information about our auditory system .
This is also known as the auditory threshold .
The absolute threshold relates to the sound that can just be heard by the organism .
For example , the first player , Ann , begins a turn with a roll of 5 .
Ann could hold and score 5 points , but chooses to roll again .
Each turn , a player repeatedly rolls a die until either a 1 is rolled or the player decides to `` hold '' : - The first player to score 100 or more points wins .
Ann rolls a 2 , and could hold with a turn total of 7 points , but chooses to roll again .
Pig is a simple dice game first described in print by John Scarne in 1945 .
Ann rolls a 1 , and must end her turn without scoring .
After World War II , the Saarland came under French occupation and administration again , as the Saar Protectorate .
Definitive evidence linking gamma-ray bursts and supernovae was eventually found in the spectrum of GRB 020813 and the afterglow of GRB 030329 .
However , supernova-like features only become apparent in the weeks following a burst , leaving the possibility that very early luminosity variations could be explained by dust echoes .
GRB 970228 was the first gamma-ray burst ( GRB ) for which an afterglow was observed .
Although GRB 980326 did not provide enough information to definitively rule out this explanation , Reichart showed that the light curve of GRB 970228 could only have been caused by a supernova .
The burst had multiple peaks in its light curve and lasted approximately 80 seconds .
It lasted around 80 seconds and had multiple peaks in its light curve .
Since 1993 , physicists had predicted GRBs to be followed by a lower-energy afterglow ( in wavelengths such as radio waves , x-rays , and even visible light ) , but until this event , GRBs had only been observed in highly luminous bursts of high-energy gamma rays ( the most energetic form of electromagnetic radiation ) .
The coat of arms of the Dominican Republic features a shield in similarly quartered colors as the flag , supported by a bay laurel branch ( left ) and a palm frond ( right ) ; above the shield , a blue ribbon displays the national motto : Dios , Patria , Libertad ( God , Fatherland , Liberty ) .
The coat of arms appears in the center of the flag of the Dominican Republic .
Below the shield , the words República Dominicana appear on a red ribbon .
Hindemith wrote seven string quartets and two string trios , among other chamber works .
Chamber music is a form of classical music that is composed for a small group of instruments-traditionally a group that could fit in a palace chamber .
What do these changes mean for the future of chamber music ?
After developing the twelve-tone technique , Schoenberg wrote a number of chamber works , including two more string quartets , a string trio , and a wind quintet .
The first sociology department to be established in the United Kingdom was at the London School of Economics and Political Science ( home of the British Journal of Sociology ) in 1904 .
Durkheim set up the first European department of sociology at the University of Bordeaux in 1895 , publishing his Rules of the Sociological Method ( 1895 ) .
Sociology is the study of human social behavior and its origins , development , organizations , and institutions .
Social analysis has origins in the common stock of Western knowledge and philosophy , and has been carried out from as far back as the time of ancient Greek philosopher Plato if not before .
Mansions had many chimneys for the many fireplaces required to keep the vast rooms warm .
In larger towns and cities , such as London , common diseases arising from lack of sanitation included smallpox , measles , malaria , typhus , diphtheria , Scarlet fever , and chickenpox .
Outbreaks of the Black Death pandemic occurred in 1498 , 1535 , 1543 , 1563 , 1589 and 1603 .
Partly because of the new revenue raised from the dissolution of monasteries , Cromwell created revenue courts to allot the royal income properly to various departments .
The clerical income from First Fruits and Tenths , which previously went to the Pope , now went to the King .
About one-third of the population lived in poverty , with the wealthy expected to give alms to assist the impotent poor .
These fires were also the only way of cooking food .
These were the six courts or departments of state , each fully organised with its own specialised officials , equipped with seals and habitat , and responsible for a particular kind of revenue .
In 1487 Henry VII 's enemies from the House of York had crowned a pretender and landed a small army off the coast of Lancashire with the intention of stealing the crown .
The majority of the population lived in small villages .
Henry VII defeated them at East Stoke .
The high wages and abundance of available land seen in the late 15th century and early 16th century were replaced with low wages and a land shortage .
The Tudor Government raised a huge amount of revenue from the dissolution of the monasteries .
There were no sewers or drains , and garbage was simply abandoned in the street .
The growing number of departments meant that the number of officials involved increased , which made the management of revenue troublesome and expensive .
The idea of the workhouse for the able-bodied poor was first suggested in 1576 .
Animals such as rats thrived in these conditions .
Tudor law was harsh on the able-bodied poor i.e. , those unable to find work .
Henry 's war and Somerset 's war with France and Scotland cost England huge sums of money .
This was the last important battle in the Wars of the Roses .
The largest began in 1549 ; it was at first intended as a demonstration against enclosures of common land .
It began as a result of Henry VIII 's grievance at Pope Clement VII regarding his refusal to grant an annulment .
The Tudor period is the period between 1485 and 1603 in England and Wales .
Various inflationary pressures , perhaps due to an influx of New World gold and a rising population , set the stage for social upheaval with the gap between the rich and poor widening .
Those who left their parishes in order to locate work were termed vagabonds and could be subjected to punishments , including whipping , burning , execution and putting at the stocks .
The instigator , Robert Kett , was executed for treason .
Although home to only a small part of the population the Tudor municipalities were overcrowded and unhygienic .
The reason for the speedy spread of the disease was the increase of rats infected by fleas carrying the disease .
Furniture was basic , with stools being commonplace rather than chairs .
The export of woollen products resulted in an economic upturn with products exported to mainland Europe .
This was a period of significant change for the majority of the rural population , with manorial lords beginning the process of enclosure .
Their homes were , as in earlier centuries , thatched huts with one or two rooms , although later on during this period , roofs were also tiled .
Mansions were often designed to a symmetrical plan ; `` E '' and `` H '' shapes were popular .
Following the Black Death and the agricultural depression of the late 15th century , population growth began to increase .
The Hund 's cases , which are particular regimes in molecular angular momentum coupling , and Hund 's rules , which govern electron configurations , are important in spectroscopy and quantum chemistry .
A review was also written by Werner Kutzelnigg .
On the occasion of his 100th birthday , the book : Friedrich Hund : Geschichte der physikalischen Begriffe ( History of Physical Concepts ) ( Heidelberg , Berlin , Oxford ) , Spektrum , Akademie Verlag 1996 , ISBN 3-8274-0083-X was published .
Hund worked with such prestigious physicists as Schrödinger , Dirac , Heisenberg , Max Born , and Walter Bothe .
The same name was chosen for the Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of Göttingen .
Friedrich Hermann Hund ( 4 February 1896 - 31 March 1997 ) was a German physicist from Karlsruhe known for his work on atoms and molecules .
In chemistry , the first rule , Hund 's rule of maximum multiplicity , is especially important and is often referred to as simply Hund 's Rule .
Additionally , he stayed in Copenhagen ( 1926 ) with Niels Bohr and lectured on the atom at Harvard University ( 1928 ) .
In addition to the many honors bestowed upon him , Friedrich Hund became an honorary citizen of Jena\/Saale , and a street in Jena was named after him .
After his studies of mathematics , physics , and geography in Marburg and Göttingen , he worked as a private lecturer for theoretical physics in Göttingen ( 1925 ) , professor in Rostock ( 1927 ) , Leipzig ( 1929 ) , Jena ( 1946 ) , Frankfurt\/Main ( 1951 ) and from 1957 again in Göttingen .
In June 2004 , a part of a new building of the Physics Department in Göttingen was given the address Friedrich-Hund-Platz 1 .
Hund 's rule of maximum multiplicity is another eponym and , in 1926 , Hund discovered the so-called tunnel effect or quantum tunnelling .
He was a member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science .
He published more than 250 papers and essays in total .
The Indonesian government has recognized this animist belief as Aluk To Dolo ( `` Way of the Ancestors '' ) .
Their population is approximately 650,000 , of which 450,000 still live in the regency of Tana Toraja ( `` Land of Toraja '' ) .
The Toraja are an ethnic group indigenous to a mountainous region of South Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Most of the population is Christian , and others are Muslim or have local animist beliefs known as aluk ( `` the way '' ) .
When Cyrus hosts a yachting excursion , Betty Lou makes Monty take her along , masquerading as `` Miss Van Cortland '' .
Stage actress Dorothy Tree had her first film role in a small , uncredited part .
Cyrus at first wants to remove her from the ship , but he can not long resist Betty Lou 's it factor ; he eventually corners her and proposes marriage , but she gets him back , by telling him that she 'd `` rather marry his office boy '' , which accomplishes her goal , but breaks her heart .
Betty Lou saves Adela , punching her in the face when she panics and threatens to drown them both .
Betty bravely proclaims herself as an unmarried mother to protect her sickly roommate Molly ( Priscilla Bonner ) from having her baby taken away by a couple of meddling welfare workers .
Betty Lou , shocked and humiliated , refuses , quits her job , and resolves to forget Cyrus .
In February 1927 Cosmopolitan published a two-part serial story in which Glyn defined It .
In 2001 , It was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
Although he is in love with her , Cyrus offers her an `` arrangement '' that includes everything but marriage .
Monty arrives at just the wrong moment , forcing Betty to continue the charade with him .
He then learns the truth about the baby , and leaves Monty at the helm of the yacht to go find her .
Monty crashes the yacht into a fishing boat , tossing both Betty Lou and Adela into the water .
A young Gary Cooper was cast in a minor role as a newspaper reporter .
When she learns from Monty about Cyrus 's misunderstanding , she fumes , and vows to teach her former beau a lesson .
At the end of the film , she and Cyrus reconcile on the anchor of the yacht , with the first two letters of the ship 's name , Itola , between them .
The picture was considered lost for many years , but a nitrate-copy was found in Prague in the 1960s .
He tells Cyrus .
Monty and Adela are upset at losing their friends , but it is implied they pursue a relationship with each other as the film ends .
This is one of the first examples of a `` concept film '' , as well as one of the earlier examples of product placement .
However , they belong to different social classes , and he is already romantically linked to blond socialite Adela Van Norman ( Jacqueline Gadsden ) .
Spunky shopgirl Betty Lou Spence ( Clara Bow ) has a crush on her handsome employer , Cyrus Waltham , Jr. ( Antonio Moreno ) , the new manager of and heir to the `` world 's largest store '' .
Cosmopolitan magazine is featured prominently in a scene where the character Monty reads Glyn 's story and introduces it to the audience .
Cyrus 's silly friend Monty ( William Austin ) notices Betty , though , and she uses him to get closer to Cyrus .
Hope Loring , Louis D. Lighton and George Marion Jr. ( titles ) wrote the screenplay and Carl Sandburg noted that Glyn 's magazine story was `` not at all like the film , not like it in any respect . ''
When she finally gets Cyrus 's attention , she convinces him to take her on a date at Coney Island , where he is introduced to the proletarian pleasures of roller coasters and hot dogs , and has a wonderful time .
It was a hit with audiences all over the United States , breaking box office records .
She then peeks out her window at him as he is leaving .
Paramount Pictures paid Glyn $ 50,000 for the concept , gave her a small part in the film as herself , and gave her a `` story and adaptation '' credit .
Because of this film , actress Clara Bow became a major star of the highest magnitude , and a result , became known as the `` It girl '' .
Betty Lou slaps his face , and hurries out of his car and into her flat .
At the end of the evening , he tries to kiss her .
The concept of `` It '' is referred to throughout the film , including the scene where Glyn appears as herself and defines `` It '' for Mr. Waltham .
It is a 1927 silent romantic comedy film which tells the story of a shop girl who sets her sights on the handsome and wealthy boss of the department store where she works .
But Barry had taken it off him to learn to strum his first chords .
The band met at City of Sunderland College as a quartet consisting of Barry Hyde ( vocals and guitar ) , David `` Jaff '' Craig ( bass ) , Peter Brewis ( drums ) , and Ross Millard ( vocals and guitar ) .
The Futureheads played their first gig at Ashbrooke Cricket and Rugby Club in December 2000 .
In June 2007 , they reportedly completed work on their third album , This Is Not the World , which was released in May 2008 .
Millard said that he expected the new album to be punkier than the last album .
Five tracks of the tracks were produced by Andy Gill of Gang of Four .
Hyde 's younger brother Dave replaced Brewis ( who went on to form Field Music ) .
In tribute , the Futureheads performed a set live at the Stadium of Light as pre-match entertainment .
Dave was left with nothing , forcing him to take up the drums .
The song `` Decent Days and Nights '' from the album was featured in the video game soundtrack to Burnout 3 on PlayStation 2 and Xbox as well as EA 's Rugby 2005 .
The rest of the album was produced by Paul Epworth .
Their name comes from the title of The Flaming Lips album , Hit to Death in the Future Head .
They performed at BBC Radio One 's One Big Weekend , held in their home town of Sunderland over the weekend of 7-8 May 2005 .
It was also accompanied by a free download of a song called `` Crash '' .
In an interview with Channel 4 's 4Music , Barry Hyde revealed that Dave Hyde was given a golden guitar by his parents when he was young .
The band made a free download called `` Broke Up The Time '' available from their website on 9 November 2007 .
The first single from the album was `` Skip to the End '' released on 15 May .
On 21 February 2005 , `` Hounds of Love '' , a cover of a Kate Bush song , was released as a single .
In December 2007 the band released a video of them walking around Carnaby Street , London to the single `` The Beginning of the Twist '' .
Millard and Craig had been in another local band together previously .
The Futureheads released their self-titled debut album in September 2004 on 679 recordings .
The band toured the United States and later supported the Pixies , Foo Fighters and Snow Patrol .
A third single from the album , Walking Backwards , was released on 4 August 2008 .
On 8 May 2005 Sunderland A.F.C. picked up the Championship trophy .
In November 2009 , the band allowed fans to download a new free track , `` Struck Dumb '' , for a period of two weeks .
Their latest single , `` I Would n't Be Like This If You Were Here '' , was released on 8 December 2008 .
They used the Sunderland City Detached Youth Project building ( where Brewis and Hyde worked ) as a free practice space , fitting since the project was intended to get young people off the streets by using music .
The album News and Tributes was first released on 29 May 2006 .
He also revealed that the band was close to splitting during the time after the second album was released .
They also announced three gigs in the UK followed by a full UK tour and now have their own label , Nul Records , set up exclusively to distribute Futureheads material .
They debuted with their `` Nul Book Standard '' EP and then their `` 123 Nul EP '' on 10 March 2003 , and later that year released their first single , `` First Day '' , on 4 August .
In 2009 the band played at the biggest open-air festival in Europe - Przystanek Woodstock in Poland .
Throughout the rest of 2006 , The Futureheads started their own independent record label , Nul Records , and started working on songs for their next album .
The Futureheads are an English post-punk band from Sunderland .
It reached number eight in the UK Singles Chart in its first week , and was named Best Single of 2005 by NME .
The stand-alone EP , Area was released in November 2005 while the band was working on their second album News and Tributes ( name inspired by the Munich air disaster in 1958 ) , which , according to NME in February 2006 , took only five weeks to produce .
The Chaos was released in the US on 1 June 2010 , on Dovecote Records The Futureheads released their fifth full length album , Rant , on 2 April 2012 .
The band became disillusioned with major label music business and being under contract , and were released by 679 Recordings .
The band released their 4th album , entitled The Chaos , on 26 April 2010 in the UK .
They first performed in 2000 , and through word-of-mouth their reputation in the local area grew .
The second single from their album `` Radio Heart '' was released on 19 May ( and featured in the game Colin McRae 's DiRT 2 ) , 2008 from their album This Is Not The World followed by the release of the music video for the single on 16 April .
C. elegans is notable in animal sleep studies as the most primitive organism to display sleep-like states .
C. elegans was the first multicellular organism to have its whole genome sequenced .
He was born in Owosso , Michigan and received his B.S. in chemistry at Michigan State University in 1930 and his Ph.D. in bacteriology in 1934 , taking a position shortly thereafter at the Department of Bacteriology at Washington University in St. Louis .
This experiment provided additional evidence that DNA , not protein , was the genetic material of life .
Alfred Day Hershey ( December 4 , 1908 - May 22 , 1997 ) was an American Nobel Prize-winning bacteriologist and geneticist .
He became director of the Carnegie Institution in 1962 and was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1969 , shared with Salvador Luria and Max Delbrück for their discovery on the replication of viruses and their genetic structure .
He began performing experiments with bacteriophages with Italian-American Salvador Luria and German Max Delbrück in 1940 , and observed that when two different strains of bacteriophage have infected the same bacteria , the two viruses may exchange genetic information .
He moved with his assistant Martha to Cold Spring Harbor , New York , in 1950 to join the Carnegie Institution of Washington 's Department of Genetics , where he performed the famous Hershey-Chase experiment with Martha Chase in 1952 .
Shanty towns have high rates of crime , suicide , drug use and disease .
The term is also a synonym for shanty town , particularly in developing countries .
The timeline includes information which was not operationally released , meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center , such as information about a storm that was not operationally warned on , have been included .
The season officially began on June 1 , 2006 , and lasted until November 30 .
This timeline documents all the storm formations , strengthening , weakening , landfalls , extratropical transitions , as well as dissipation .
In terms of passengers carried , the two airlines together with Thomson Airways , Monarch Airlines and Thomas Cook Airlines were the five largest airlines operating at the airport in 2010 .
A choral scholar is a student either at a university or private school who receives a scholarship in exchange for singing in the school or university 's choir .
To do this , create a page at Special : Mypage\/skin .
This allows you to avoid images that offend you without affecting other users .
Once you have an account , you can disable the images on a specific page by changing your personal settings at your CSS page .
All articles fall under the site-wide Content disclaimer .
Wikipedia will also not use specific disclaimers within articles warning readers of such content .
css and add the following line : body .
However , readers who do not wish to be exposed to certain content have a number of options to selectively prevent Wikipedia content from being displayed on their screen .
It is possible to prevent these images from being viewed at all by changing your account 's javascript page .
This page is more suitable for you if : ( a ) you still want to visit Wikipedia ( rather than creating a fork or simply staying away ) and ( b ) you find an image offensive but , apart from your perception of its offensiveness , have nothing more to add , within the premises of Wikipedia policies , to the discussions pertaining to replacement or removal of images by building consensus .
Some people do not wish to see some images on Wikipedia for various reasons - images may not be suitable for a work environment ; they may wish to prevent their children from seeing such images ; their religion may forbid it ; and so on .
Music videos were filmed for the singles `` Ai n't Love Grand '' and `` Lip Gloss and Black . ''
In 2001 , Atreyu signed with Victory Records , later releasing in 2002 their first full-length album Suicide Notes and Butterfly Kisses .
Atreyu is an American Metalcore band from Orange County , California , formed in 1998 .
In early 2007 , Atreyu signed a record deal with Hollywood Records for America and an international deal with Roadrunner Records .
Their second release , was a short five-track EP titled Fractures in the Facade of Your Porcelain Beauty released by underground label Tribunal Records and featured tracks that would be re-worked for later releases .
Tourism has been , and continues to be one of the more important economic enterprises for the municipality .
All of the town is a historical site ; the architecture that has survived through the years gives Santa Fe de Antioquia the aspect of a city `` suspended '' in the colonial era , which is the reason the city was declared National monument .
Its cathedral was constructed in 1799 and elevated to Diocese of Antioquia in 1804 by Pope Pius VII .
In 1813 Antioquia was declared a sovereign and independent state with Santa Fe as its capital , a status it maintained until 1826 , when Medellín was chosen as the new departmental seat .
It was a mining town from its beginnings and the gold mining operation has been the base of its economy .
The opening of the Tunnel of the West ( which reduces the time and the distance between the locality and Medellín ) in 2006 has allowed hundreds of tourists to arrive each weekend , stimulating the vocation of the vicinity as a summer vacation site .
Due to the state of conservation of its colonial architecture , it was declared a national monument in 1960 .
It changed its name in 1584 when it became the capital of Antioquia .
It was elevated to the status of parish in 1547 by the bishop of Popayán .
The economy of Santa Fe de Antioquia is based on agriculture : the main products are coffee , maize and beans .
The municipal area is 493 square kilometres ( 190 sq mi ) , with a mountainous territory within the Central Cordillera of the Andes and watered by the rivers Cauca and Tonusco .
Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department , Colombia .
Founded in 1541 by Jorge Robledo as Villa de Santafé on the western bank of the Cauca River , in 1545 it received the coat of arms and the title of City of Antioquia from King Philip II of Spain .
The city is located approximately 50 miles ( 80 km ) north of Medellín , the department capital .
It has a population of approximately 23,000 inhabitants .
Seals include the Antarctic Fur Seal ( Arctocephalus gazella ) and Sub-Antarctic Fur Seal ( Arctocephalus tropicalis ) in large numbers , Leopard Seal ( Hydrurga leptonyx ) , Weddell Seal ( Leptonychotes weddellii ) , the huge Southern Elephant Seal ( Mirounga leonina ) , and Crabeater Seal ( Lobodon carcinophagus ) .
Seabirds include four species of albatross : Black-browed Albatross ( Diomedea melanophris ) , Grey-headed Albatross ( Thalassarche chrysostoma ) , Light-mantled Albatross ( Phoebetria palpebrata ) , and Wandering Albatross ( Diomedea exulans ) .
There are only five species of bird that remain on land on the islands , and these include two endemic species : a race of the Yellow-billed Pintail duck ( Anas georgica ) and South Georgia Pipit ( Anthus antarcticus ) .
Penguin species found here include large numbers of King Penguins on South Georgia especially , as well as Chinstrap Penguin , Macaroni Penguin , Gentoo penguin , Adelie Penguin , and Rockhopper Penguin ( Eudyptes chrysocome ) .
Normally stormy and cold , the Scotia Sea is the area of water between Tierra del Fuego , South Georgia , the South Sandwich Islands , the South Orkney Islands and the Antarctic Peninsula , and bordered on the west by the Drake Passage .
The islands are rocky and partly covered in ice and snow year round .
About half of the sea stands above the continental shelf .
South Georgia , the South Sandwich Islands and Bouvet Island are protected as nature reserves , with Bird Island , South Georgia being a site of special scientific interest .
Despite the harsh conditions , the islands do support vegetation and have been described as the Scotia Sea Islands tundra ecoregion , which includes South Georgia , the volcanic South Sandwich Islands and the South Orkneys in the Scotia Sea , as well as the remote South Shetland Islands near the Antarctic Peninsula and the small isolated volcano called Bouvet Island .
All these islands lie in the cold seas below the Antarctic convergence .
These island groups all sit on top of the Scotia Ridge , which frames the Scotia Sea on the north , east , and south .
These areas support tundra vegetation consisting of mosses , lichen and algae , while seabirds , penguins and seals feed in the surrounding waters .
It takes its name from the Pyrenees mountains and the Atlantic Ocean .
Basses-Pyrénées is one of the original 83 departments of France created during the French Revolution , on 4 March 1790 .
It was created from parts of the former provinces of Guyenne , Béarn , and Gascony and included the three traditional provinces of the Northern Basque Country-Labourd , Soule , and Basse-Navarre .
tik ) ; Gascon : Pirenèus-Atlantics ; Basque : Pirinio-Atlantiarrak or Pirinio-Atlantikoak ) is a department in Aquitaine , southwest of France .
Pyrénées-Atlantiques is part of the Aquitaine region of Southwest France .
In March 2006 , Frost flew to South Africa to part-fund an orphanage for the Homes of Hope project .
Frost and Law divorced on 29 October 2003 .
She met Jude Law during the work on the film Shopping .
As an actress , Frost has performed in : Press Gang and Casualty .
Frost and Kemp were married for 5 years and separated ; they divorced on 19 August 1995 .
Frost and Kemp appeared together in the 1990s film The Krays .
In 2004 , she wrote , presented and produced a short lived series What Sadie did next ... for E4 , and in 2005 appeared in Eating with ... Sadie Frost on BBC2 .
Sadie Liza Frost ( born 19 June 1965 ) is an English actress , who currently runs fashion label Frost French and has designed the kitchens for a new development in the East End of London .
She attained a scholarship to the Italia Conti Academy , but after an early eating disorder , she gave up acting at 13 and attended Hampstead School .
Frost appeared in a Jelly Tots advertisement at age 3 and appeared with Morecambe and Wise at age 5 .
They married on 2 September 1997 and had three children : son Rafferty ( born 1996 ) , daughter Iris ( born 2000 ) and son Rudy ( born 2002 ) .
Based on Puzo 's 1969 novel of the same name , the film stars Marlon Brando and Al Pacino as the leaders of a fictional New York crime family .
The success spawned two sequels : The Godfather Part II in 1974 , and The Godfather Part III in 1990 .
Red beans typically take about two hours to cook , although it is common to allow the beans to cook slowly for a longer period of time .
Indeed , red beans and rice is very much part of the New Orleans identity .
They released `` Linear Motor Girl '' , which charted on the Oricon charts at number 99 .
Two singles , `` Computer City '' and `` Electro World '' , followed in 2006 .
In Tokyo , they also met capsule 's Yasutaka Nakata who would become their main producer .
is a Japanese pop girl group from Hiroshima , Japan , consisting of Ayano Ōmoto , Yuka Kashino , and Ayaka Nishiwaki .
The single reached number 3 on the Oricon weekly charts and sold 50,000 copies .
In 1908 , Minerva obtained a worldwide Knight Engine license .
In 1903 he founded Société Anonyme Minerva Motors in Berchem ( Antwerp ) .
In 1883 , a young Dutchman , Sylvain de Jong ( 1868-1928 ) settled in Antwerp , Belgium .
Charles S Rolls ( of future Rolls-Royce fame ) was a Minerva dealer in England selling the 2.9-litre 14 hp ( 10 kW ) .
During World War I Sylvain de Jong and his engineers were based in Amsterdam where they maintained development of their automobiles .
The Knight motor , developed by Charles Yale Knight in the United States , used double sleeve valves and ran almost silently .
UK CD Limited Edition Enhanced 4 Track CD with Poster Europe Maxi-CD Germany CD
The track reached the top 10 in Australia , the top 20 in the UK and Switzerland and was a top 40 hit in the Netherlands .
The song was written by Usher , Dupri and Brian Michael Cox who co-wrote four songs on the album including hit single `` U Got It Bad '' .
The song also references Michael Jackson and Bobby Brown and also refers to the crunk style of rap making it one of the first mainstream R&B tracks to refer to that style .
We 'll have two Christmases ' . ''
He has a younger brother named Patrick .
Ferrell said of the divorce : `` I was the type of kid who would say , ` Hey , look at the bright side !
His parents were both natives of Roanoke Rapids , North Carolina , and moved to California in 1964 .
John William `` Will '' Ferrell ( \/ ˈfɛrəl \/ ; born July 16 , 1967 ) is an American comedian , impressionist , actor , producer , and writer .
When he was 8 , his parents divorced .
Ferrell was born in Irvine , California , the son of Betty Kay ( née Overman ) , a teacher who taught at Old Mill School elementary school and Santa Ana College , and Roy Lee Ferrell , Jr. , a musician with The Righteous Brothers .
Ferrell 's ancestry includes English , German , Irish , and remote French and Italian .
All accounts agree , however , that she was the daughter of Zeus and Leto and that she was the twin sister of Apollo .
In the classical period of Greek mythology , Artemis ( Ancient Greek : Ἄρτεμις ) was often described as the daughter of Zeus and Leto , and the twin sister of Apollo .
Empress Myeongseong ( 19 October 1851 - 8 October 1895 ) , also known as Queen Min , was the first official wife of King Gojong , the twenty-sixth king of the Joseon dynasty of Korea .
In the early morning of 8 October 1895 , sword-bearing assassins , allegedly under orders from Miura Gorō , entered Gyeongbok Palace .
Kinshasa ( formerly Léopoldville ) and Brazzaville are on opposite sides of the river at the Pool , where the river narrows and falls through a number of cataracts in deep canyons ( collectively known as the Livingstone Falls ) , running by Matadi and Boma , and into the sea at the small town of Muanda .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo , both countries lying along the river 's banks , are named after it .
The project would bring the maximum output of the facility to 40 GW , twice that of China 's Three Gorges Dam .
The Chambeshi River in Zambia is generally taken as the source of the Congo in line with the accepted practice worldwide of using the longest tributary , as with the Nile River .
The sources of the Congo are in the highlands and mountains of the East African Rift , as well as Lake Tanganyika and Lake Mweru , which feed the Lualaba River , which then becomes the Congo below Boyoma Falls .
Railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of Central Africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil ( as kernels ) , sugar , coffee , and cotton .
The river and its tributaries flow through the Congo rainforest , the second largest rain forest area in the world , second only to the Amazon Rainforest in South America .
The Congo gets its name from the ancient Kingdom of Kongo which inhabited the lands at the mouth of the river .
The Congo flows generally northwards from Kisangani just below the Boyoma falls , then gradually bends southwestwards , passing by Mbandaka , joining with the Ubangi River , and running into the Pool Malebo ( Stanley Pool ) .
The Congo River is the most powerful river in Africa .
The river is also potentially valuable for hydroelectric power , and the Inga Dams below Pool Malebo are first to exploit the Congo river .
Although the Livingstone Falls prevent access from the sea , nearly the entire Congo is readily navigable in sections , especially between Kinshasa and Kisangani .
In February 2006 , South Africa 's state-owned power company , Eskom , announced a proposal to increase the capacity of the Inga dramatically through improvements and the construction of a new hydroelectric dam .
Between 1971 and 1997 the government of then-Zaire called it the Zaire River .
Because its drainage basin includes areas both north and south of the equator , its flow is stable , as there is always at least one part of the river experiencing a rainy season .
Additionally , its overall length of 4,700 km ( 2,920 mi ) makes it the ninth longest river .
There is widespread concern internationally that the trials and sentencing were politically motivated .
While still serving his sentence , Khodorkovsky and his business partner Platon Lebedev were further charged and found guilty of embezzlement and money laundering in December 2010 , extending his prison sentence to 2014 .
In response to his first application , which concerned events from 2003 to 2005 , the court found that several violations were committed by the Russian authorities in their treatment of Khodorkovsky .
He was found guilty and sentenced to nine years in prison in May 2005 .
In particular , the court ruled that Khodorkovsky 's arrest was `` unlawful as it had been made with a purpose different from the one expressed '' .
Despite these findings , the court ultimately ruled that the trial was not politically motivated , but rather `` that the charges against him were grounded in ` reasonable suspicion ' '' .
The government under Vladimir Putin then froze shares of Yukos shortly thereafter on tax charges .
Khodorkovsky lodged several applications to the European Court of Human Rights , seeking redress for alleged violations by Russia of his human rights .
The state took further actions against Yukos , leading to a collapse of the company 's share price and the evaporation of much of Khodorkovsky 's wealth .
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union , he accumulated wealth through the development of Siberian oil fields as the head of Yukos , one of the largest Russian companies to emerge from the privatization of state assets during the 1990s .
In 2004 , Khodorkovsky was the wealthiest man in Russia ( with a fortune of over $ 15 billion ) and one of the richest people in the world , ranked 16th on Forbes list of billionaires .
After Hans-Dietrich Genscher 's impassioned lobbying for his release , President Vladimir Putin pardoned him , releasing him from jail on 20 December 2013 .
Khodorkovsky was born in Moscow , where he grew up in an ordinary Soviet family with a two-room apartment , his parents being engineers who `` spent their entire careers at a measuring-instruments factory '' .
An ion cannon is a fictional beam weapon described as firing beams of ions ( atoms or molecules with an electrical charge ) .
Ion cannons appear in movies and television shows that have a science-fiction based setting .
In March 1883 he founded the Bank Clerks Orphanage , which in 1986 became the Bankers ' Benevolent Fund - a charity for bank employees , past and present , and their dependants .
`` What was new was Lubbock 's ... insistence that , as a result of natural selection , human groups had become different from each other , not only culturally , but also in their biological capacities to utilize culture . ''
In January 1884 he founded the Proportional Representation Society , later to become the Electoral Reform Society .
From 1888 to 1892 he was president of the London Chamber of Commerce ; from 1889 to 1890 vice-chairman and from 1890 to 1892 chairman of the London County Council .
The youth was soon a frequent visitor to Down House , and became the closest of Darwin 's younger friends .
In 1865 Lubbock published what was possibly the most influential archaeological text book of the nineteenth century , Pre-historic times , as illustrated by ancient remains , and the manners and customs of modern savages .
In 1865 he succeeded to the baronetcy .
In February 1890 he was appointed a privy councillor ; and was chairman of the committee of design for the new coinage in 1891 .
When Darwin died in 1882 , Lubbock suggested the honor of burial in Westminster Abbey , organising a letter to the dean to arrange this , and was one of the pallbearers .
He discovered that ants were sensitive to light in the near ultraviolet range of the electromagnetic spectrum .
In 1881 he was president of the British Association , and from 1881 to 1886 president of the Linnean Society of London .
John Lubbock was born in 1834 , the son of Sir John Lubbock , 3rd Baronet , a London banker , and was brought up in the family home of High Elms Estate , near Downe in Kent .
The following verse from Punch of 1882 captured him perfectly : How doth the Banking Busy Bee , Improve his shining Hours ?
In January 1900 he was promoted to the peerage as Baron Avebury , his title commemorating the largest Stone Age site in Britain , which he had helped to preserve .
By studying on Bank Holidays , Strange insects and Wild Flowers !
During 1842 his father brought home a `` great piece of news '' : the young Lubbock said later that he initially thought that the news might be of a new pony , and was disappointed to learn it was only that Charles Darwin was moving to Down House in the village .
He had extensive correspondence with Charles Darwin , who lived nearby in Down House .
Both men were active advocates of English spelling reform , and members of the Spelling reform Association , precursor to the Simplified Spelling Society .
The Right Honourable John Lubbock , 1st Baron Avebury MP FRS DCL LLD ( 30 April 1834 - 28 May 1913 ) , known as Sir John Lubbock , 4th Baronet from 1865 until 1900 , was a banker , Liberal politician , philanthropist , scientist and polymath .
In recognition of his contributions to the sciences , Lubbock received honorary degrees from the universities of Oxford , Cambridge ( where he was Rede lecturer in 1886 ) , Edinburgh , Dublin and Würzburg ; and in 1878 was appointed a trustee of the British Museum .
Lubbock was also an amateur biologist of some distinction , writing books on hymenoptera ( Ants , Bees and Wasps : a record of observations on the habits of the social hymenoptera .
He invented the terms `` Palaeolithic '' and `` Neolithic '' to denote the Old and New Stone Ages respectively .
Paradise Island is an island in the Bahamas formerly known as Hog Island .
Tours begin at the Brú na Bóinne Visitor Centre in Donore , Co. .
At the end of the passage are three small chambers off a larger central chamber , with a high corbelled vault roof .
Juno is a 2007 Canadian-American comedy-drama film directed by Jason Reitman and written by Diablo Cody .
Juno won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and earned three other Oscar nominations , including Best Picture and Best Actress for Page .
It went on to earn $ 231 million .
She offers him an angora sweater as a sign of acceptance .
Wood himself played the eponymous character , but under the pseudonym `` Daniel Davis '' .
This was the only film Wood directed but did not also produce .
Glen is shown studying women 's clothes in a shop window .
Glen or Glenda is a 1953 exploitation film written , directed by , and starring Ed Wood , and featuring Bela Lugosi and Wood 's then-girlfriend Dolores Fuller .
Originally Weiss made Jorgensen several offers to appear in the film , but these were turned down .
He acts as a sort of narrator but gives no narration relevant to the plot ; that job is reserved for the film 's primary narrator , Timothy Farrell .
George Weiss , a Hollywood producer of low-budget films , commissioned a movie to exploit it .
Lugosi is credited as `` The Scientist '' , a character whose purpose is unclear .
Shot in four days , the film was loosely inspired by the sex reassignment surgery of Christine Jorgensen , which made national headlines in the U.S. in 1952 .
The banana plant is the largest herbaceous flowering plant .
Banana fiber is used in the production of banana paper .
Dried bananas are also ground to make banana flour .
Harvested shoots are first boiled in lye to prepare fibers for yarn-making .
These banana fiber rugs are woven by traditional Nepalese hand-knotting methods , and are sold RugMark certified .
By contrast , Musa cultivars with firmer , starchier fruit are called `` plantains '' .
Both the skin and inner part can be eaten raw or cooked .
These banana shoots produce fibers of varying degrees of softness , yielding yarns and textiles with differing qualities for specific uses .
For example , the outermost fibers of the shoots are the coarsest , and are suitable for tablecloths , while the softest innermost fibers are desirable for kimono and kamishimo .
Leaves are spirally arranged and may grow 2.7 metres ( 8.9 ft ) long and 60 cm ( 2.0 ft ) wide .
Especially in the Americas and Europe , `` banana '' usually refers to soft , sweet , dessert bananas , particularly those of the Cavendish group , which are the main exports from banana-growing countries .
In the Japanese system , leaves and shoots are cut from the plant periodically to ensure softness .
This traditional Japanese cloth-making process requires many steps , all performed by hand .
After fruiting , the pseudostem dies , but offshoots will normally have developed from the base , so that the plant as a whole is perennial .
They are grown in at least 107 countries , primarily for their fruit , and to a lesser extent to make fiber , banana wine and banana beer and as ornamental plants .
They are easily torn by the wind , resulting in the familiar frond look .
( In some countries , bananas used for cooking may be called plantains . )
The banana fruits develop from the banana heart , in a large hanging cluster , made up of tiers ( called `` hands '' ) , with up to 20 fruit to a tier .
In Japan , banana cultivation for clothing and household use dates back to at least the 13th century .
After that , the fibers are sent to the Kathmandu Valley for use in rugs with a silk-like texture .
An alternative approach divides bananas into dessert bananas and cooking bananas , with plantains being one of the subgroups of cooking bananas .
`` Tree-ripened '' Cavendish bananas have a greenish-yellow appearance which changes to a brownish-yellow as they ripen further .
Many bananas are used both raw and cooked .
The banana plant has long been a source of fiber for high quality textiles .
Banana paper is made from two different parts : the bark of the banana plant , mainly used for artistic purposes , or from the fibers of the stem and non-usable fruits .
Plantains are one of many kinds of cooking bananas , which are not always distinct from dessert bananas .
The term `` banana '' is also used as the common name for the plants which produce the fruit .
In 1764 , the eastern part of Granville County became Bute County .
In 1752 , parts of Granville County , Bladen County , and Johnston County were combined to form Orange County .
Finally , in 1881 , parts of Granville County , Franklin County , and Warren County were combined to form Vance County .
Granville County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The county was formed in 1746 from Edgecombe County .
Its county seat is Oxford .
High Schools Middle Schools Elementary Schools Granville County is a member of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments .
Dueling became popular in the United States - the former United States Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton was killed in a duel against the sitting Vice President Aaron Burr in 1804 .
He was a co-winner of the Wolf Prize in physics in 1980 , together with Michael E. Fisher and Leo Kadanoff .
He earned his PhD from Caltech in 1961 , studying under Murray Gell-Mann .
In 1974 , he became the James A. Weeks Professor of Physics at Cornell .
In 1985 , he was appointed as Cornell 's Director of the Center for Theory and Simulation in Science and Engineering ( now known as the Cornell Theory Center ) , one of five national supercomputer centers created by the National Science Foundation .
Kenneth Geddes Wilson ( June 8 , 1936 - June 15 , 2013 ) was an American theoretical physicist and a pioneer in leveraging computers for studying particle physics .
In 1982 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for his seminal approach , combining quantum field theory and the statistical theory of critical phenomena of second-order phase transitions , i.e. , for his constructive theory of the renormalization group .
An important renormalization group problem in solid-state physics , which he solved , is the Kondo effect .
He died at the age of 77 in Saco , Maine on June 15 , 2013 .
Wilson 's brother David is also a Professor at Cornell in the department of Molecular Biology and Genetics , and his wife since 1982 , Alison Brown , is a prominent computer scientist .
He joined Cornell University in 1963 in the Department of Physics as a junior faculty member , becoming a full professor in 1970 .
In 1988 , Dr. Wilson joined the faculty at The Ohio State University , and retired in 2008 .
As a young man , Windham played football at Texas Western College , now known as the University of Texas at El Paso .
He is the father of wrestlers Barry and Kendall Windham , father-in-law of Mike Rotunda , and the grandfather of Bray Wyatt and Bo Dallas .
Robert Jack Windham ( born November 26 , 1942 ) , better known by his ring name Blackjack Mulligan is a former professional wrestler , author and former American football player .
The duo went on to capture numerous tag team championships in various NWA affiliated promotions as well as the WWWF World Tag Team Championship in August 1975 .
He then moved to the World Wide Wrestling Federation and became the villain Blackjack Mulligan .
A stockman may also be employed at an abattoir , feedlot , on a livestock export ship , or with a stock and station agency .
An associated occupation is that of the drover , who , like the shearer may be an itinerant worker , and is employed in tending to livestock while they are traveling on a stock route .
In Australia a stockman ( plural stockmen ) is a person who looks after the livestock on a large property known as a station , which is owned by a grazier or a grazing company .
Some stations are now making changes for the employment of women by building female living quarters and installing hydraulic cattle crushes etc. .
Dragons in later Japanese folklore were influenced by Chinese and Indian myths .
However , a typical material object is likely to be irregular in shape and non-spherical .
Existing definitions are based on replacing a given particle with an imaginary sphere that has one of the properties identical with the particle .
There are several different ways of defining such a particle size .
Bixby took the role of young reporter Tim O'Hara in the 1963 CBS sitcom , My Favorite Martian , in which he co-starred with Ray Walston .
Bixby later reprised the role in three television movies : The Incredible Hulk Returns , The Trial of the Incredible Hulk , and The Death of the Incredible Hulk .
Haemophilia B ( factor IX deficiency ) occurs in around 1 in about 20,000-34 ,000 male births .
Haemophilia A ( clotting factor VIII deficiency ) is the most common form of the disorder , present in about 1 in 5,000-10 ,000 male births .
Females possess two X-chromosomes , males have one X and one Y-chromosome .
A hemophiliac does not bleed more intensely than a person without it , but can bleed for a much longer time .
The existing office was created in 1948 under the 1947 Constitution of the Republic of China .
As a consequence of World War II and the Chinese Civil War , however , the ROC lost control of mainland China to the Chinese Communist Party which established the People 's Republic of China , while the government of the Republic of China relocated to Taiwan , Penghu , Kinmen , Matsu and other islands , with the national capital relocated to Taipei .
A sic may show that an uncommon or archaic usage is reported faithfully , such as when quoting the U.S. Constitution : `` The House of Representatives shall chuse ( sic ) their Speaker ... '' However , various writing guidebooks discourage its use with regard to dialect such as in cases of American and British English spelling differences , unless used to convey ridicule .
There are several shopping complexes in Klang , primarily in Klang South , namely :
Klang may have taken its name from the Klang River which runs through the town .
A function f that is not injective is sometimes called many-to-one .
Although it is impossible to reverse a non-injective ( and therefore information-losing ) function , one can at least obtain a `` quasi-inverse '' of it , that is a multiple-valued function .
In mathematics , an injective function or injection or one-to-one function is a function that preserves distinctness : it never maps distinct elements of its domain to the same element of its codomain .
He took the Scala Orchestra to the United States on a concert tour in 1920\/21 ; it was during that tour that Toscanini made his first recordings ( for the Victor Talking Machine Company ) .
In the 1930s he conducted at the Salzburg Festival ( 1934-1937 ) and at the inaugural concert in 1936 of the Palestine Orchestra ( later renamed the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra ) in Tel Aviv , and later performed with them in Jerusalem , Haifa , Cairo and Alexandria .
In 1896 , Toscanini conducted his first symphonic concert ( in Turin , with works by Schubert , Brahms , Tchaikovsky , and Wagner ) .
Outside Europe , he conducted at the Metropolitan Opera in New York ( 1908-1915 ) as well as the New York Philharmonic Orchestra ( 1926-1936 ) .
He joined the orchestra of an opera company , with which he toured South America in 1886 .
However , he also returned to his chair in the cello section , and participated as cellist in the world premiere of Verdi 's Otello ( La Scala , Milan , 1887 ) under the composer 's supervision .
In the following decade he consolidated his career in Italy , entrusted with the world premieres of Puccini 's La bohème and Leoncavallo 's Pagliacci .
Arturo Toscanini ( Italian : ( arˈtuːro toskaˈniːni ) ; March 25 , 1867 - January 16 , 1957 ) was an Italian conductor .
Toscanini was the first non-German conductor to appear at Bayreuth ( 1930-1931 ) , and the New York Philharmonic was the first non-German orchestra to play there .
Toscanini was born in Parma , Emilia-Romagna , and won a scholarship to the local music conservatory , where he studied the cello .
He toured Europe with the New York Philharmonic in 1930 ; he and the musicians were acclaimed by critics and audiences wherever they went .
By 1898 he was principal conductor at La Scala , where he remained until 1908 , returning as Music Director , 1921-1929 .
He studied keyboard instruments at the Royal College of Music in London from 1938 to 1939 , and also studied mathematics at University College , Exeter ( B. Sc .
Dart 's distinguished students included the composer Michael Nyman , conductor Sir John Eliot Gardiner and conductor\/musicologist Christopher Hogwood .
Robert Thurston ( `` Bob '' ) Dart ( 3 September 1921 - 6 March 1971 ) , was a British musicologist , conductor and keyboard player .
In 1964 he was appointed King Edward Professor of Music in the University of London ( King 's College ) .
During this time at Cambridge , Dart was the most effective British supporter of the modern early music revival , in part through his influence on those who ultimately formed such groups as the Early Music Consort of London .
It was the fourth ever Kidzania theme park to be built .
Kidzania Jakarta is an educational indoor theme park located in Jakarta , Indonesia .
The latest major change in establishments occurred on June 8 , 2009 , when Kidzania Jakarta opened the Research & Development Centre which is sponsored by Cosmos .
The Phi Beta Kappa Society is the oldest honor society for the liberal arts and sciences with 283 active chapters in the United States .
Founded at The College of William and Mary on December 5 , 1776 , as the first collegiate Greek-letter fraternity , it was among the earliest collegiate fraternal societies and remains the oldest existing American academic honor society .
Widely considered to be the nation 's most prestigious honor society , Phi Beta Kappa aims to promote and advocate excellence in the liberal arts and sciences and to induct the most outstanding students of arts and sciences at American colleges and universities .
Phi Beta Kappa ( ΦΒΚ ) stands for Φιλοσοφία Βίου Κυβερνήτης or in Latin letters Philosophia Biou Cybernētēs , which means The Love of Wisdom , Learning , or Knowledge ( Is ) the Helmsman or Guide of Life .
The society 's goals are to educate others about and increase the recognition of the sound editors , show the artistic merit of the soundtracks , and improve the professional relationship of its members .
There are also `` other '' categories that include Sound Editing in Computer Entertainment , the Career Achievement Award , and the Inaugural Filmmaker 's Award .
The names of active members of the MPSE will generally appear in film credits with the post-nominal letters `` MPSE '' .
Founded in 1953 , Motion Picture Sound Editors ( M.P.S.E. ) is an honorary society of motion picture sound editors .
The MPSE also sponsors the Verna Fields Award for Sound Editing in a Student Film and the Ethel Crutcher Scholarship .
The following are required for the membership application : The MPSE currently presents awards annually to sound editors in the several categories for feature films .
Following the second law of thermodynamics , entropy of an isolated system always increases .
For isolated systems , entropy never decreases .
Richard Whately commented that this parable `` is one which our Lord may be said to have put before his hearers twice ; once in words , once in action . ''
The parable has been connected to the miracle of cursing the fig tree .
Fig trees were often planted in vineyards .
The Parable of the Barren Fig Tree ( not to be confused with the parable of the budding fig tree ) is a parable of Jesus which appears in two of the Canonical gospels of the New Testament .
The gardener ( vinedresser ) is God and the vine is Jesus ( tree of Life ) .
In either case , the parable reflects Jesus offering his hearers one last chance for repentance .
According to Luke 13:6 -9 the parable is about a fig tree which does not produce fruit .
`` These three years '' logically refers to the period of Jesus ' ministry .
The fig tree was a common symbol for Israel , and may also have that meaning here , or the tree in the parable may refer to the religious leadership .
3 25 21 : Rappottenstein 9 07 01 : Vienna - Neubau 08 1 11 000 : Stuttgart 15 3 52 002 : Aschersleben
The Official Municipality Key , formerly also known as the Official Municipality Characteristic Number or Municipality Code Number , is a number sequence for the identification of politically independent municipalities or unincorporated areas .
In cultures that associate the afterlife with fire , hellhounds may have fire-based abilities and appearance .
In European legends , seeing a hellhound or hearing it howl may be an omen or even a cause of death .
They are often assigned to guard the entrances to the world of the dead , such as graveyards and burial grounds , or undertake other duties related to the afterlife or the supernatural , such as hunting lost souls or guarding a supernatural treasure .
Features that have been attributed to hellhounds include black fur , glowing red - or sometimes yellow - eyes , super strength or speed , ghostly or phantom characteristics , foul odor , and sometimes even the ability to talk .
A hellhound is a supernatural dog in folklore .
A wide variety of ominous or hellish supernatural dogs occur in mythologies around the world , similar to the oft-seen dragon .
Later in 2004 , Ealy appeared in Never Die Alone with DMX .
Ealy stars as Dorian in the science fiction police drama , Almost Human .
Among his first film roles were Bad Company and Kissing Jessica Stein .
He also played Dominic in `` Think like a Man '' in 2012 .
He is perhaps best known for his roles in Barbershop ( 2002 ) , its sequel Barbershop 2 : Back in Business ( 2004 ) , 2 Fast 2 Furious ( 2003 ) , Their Eyes Were Watching God ( 2005 ) , Seven Pounds ( 2008 ) , For Colored Girls ( 2010 ) , and Underworld : Awakening ( 2012 ) .
Ealy was born in Washington , D.C. , and was raised in Silver Spring , Maryland .
His mother worked for IBM and his father was in the grocery business .
In October 2012 , Ealy married his girlfriend of four years , Khatira Rafiqzada , in a ceremony in Los Angeles .
He started his acting career in the late 1990s , appearing in a number of off-Broadway stage productions .
In 2003 , he played the role of Slap Jack in the second installment of the Fast and the Furious film series , 2 Fast 2 Furious .
His breakout role came in 2002 's Barbershop , in which he plays reformed street thug Ricky Nash , a role that he reprised in the 2004 sequel , Barbershop 2 : Back in Business .
He also appeared in Mariah Carey 's music video for her hit single `` Get Your Number '' from her 2005 album The Emancipation of Mimi .
Ealy attended the University of Maryland in College Park , MD. .
Michael Brown ( born August 3 , 1973 ) , professionally known as Michael Ealy , is an American actor .
The debate over whether the statue represents Poseidon or Zeus hinges on the lost attribute held in the figure 's right hand .
A ski resort is a resort developed for skiing , snowboarding , and other winter sports .
In Europe a ski resort is a town or village in a ski area - a mountainous area , where there are ski trails and other supporting services such as hotels , restaurants , equipment rentals , and a ski lift system .
A ski resort which is also open for summer activities is often referred to as a mountain resort .
While in Mexico Eisenstein mixed socially with Frida Kahlo , and Diego Rivera .
Eisenstein would then work as a designer for Vsevolod Meyerhold .
In 1923 Eisenstein began his career as a theorist , by writing The Montage of Attractions for LEF .
In 1920 Eisenstein moved to Moscow , and began his career in theater working for Proletkult .
This brought his father to Germany after defeat , and Sergei to Petrograd , Vologda , and Dvinsk .
The title for the project , ¡ Que viva México !
Paramount then proposed a movie version of Theodore Dreiser 's An American Tragedy .
He spent the next two years touring and lecturing in Berlin , Zurich , London , and Paris .
Two short feature films and a short subject - Thunder Over Mexico based on the `` Maguey '' footage , Eisenstein in Mexico , and Death Day respectively - were completed and released in the United States between the autumn of 1933 and early 1934 .
In 1920 , Sergei was transferred to a command position in Minsk , after success providing propaganda for the October Revolution .
Lesser agreed to supervise post-production work on the miles of negative - at the Sinclairs ' expense - and distribute any resulting product .
He accepted a short-term contract for $ 100,000 and arrived in Hollywood in May 1930 .
In 1929 , in Switzerland , Eisenstein supervised an educational documentary about abortion directed by Tissé entitled Frauennot - Frauenglück .
Eisenstein toured the American South , on his way to New York .
Eisenstein never saw any of the Sinclair-Lesser films , nor a later effort by his first biographer , Marie Seton , called Time in the Sun .
For Eisenstein , however , it was also an opportunity to see landscapes and cultures outside those found within the Soviet Union .
His re-entry visa had expired , and Sinclair 's contacts in Washington were unable to secure him an additional extension .
This excited Eisenstein , who had read and liked the work , and had met Dreiser at one time in Moscow .
At the Petrograd Institute of Civil Engineering , Sergei studied architecture and engineering , the profession of his father .
At school with his fellow students however , Sergei would join the military to serve the revolution , which would divide him from his father .
He would publicly maintain that he had lost all interest in the project .
Strike ( 1925 ) was Eisenstein 's first full-length feature film .
In late April 1930 , Jesse L. Lasky , on behalf of Paramount Pictures , offered him the opportunity to make a film in the United States .
His father Mikhail Osipovich Eisenstein was of German Jewish and Swedish descent , and his mother , Julia Ivanovna Konetskaya , was from a Russian Orthodox family .
Eisenstein returned to teaching and was assigned to direct Richard Wagner 's Die Walküre at the Bolshoi Theatre .
His productions there were entitled Gas Masks , Listen Moscow , and Wiseman .
The thing which appeared to save Eisenstein 's career at this point was that Stalin ended up taking the position that the Bezhin Meadow catastrophe , along with several other problems facing the industry at that point , had less to do with Eisenstein 's approach to filmmaking as with the executives who were supposed to have been supervising him .
Under pressure , Eisenstein blamed Mary Sinclair 's younger brother , Hunter Kimbrough , who had been sent along to act as a line producer , for the film 's problems .
Sinclair 's works had been accepted by and were widely read in the USSR , and were known to Eisenstein .
Eisenstein hoped to pressure the Sinclairs to insinuate themselves between him and Stalin , so Eisenstein could finish the film in his own way .
At this time , he studied Japanese , learning some 300 kanji characters , which he cited as an influence on his pictorial development .
On November 24 , 1930 , Eisenstein signed a contract with the Trust `` upon the basis of his desire to be free to direct the making of a picture according to his own ideas of what a Mexican picture should be , and in full faith in Eisenstein 's artistic integrity . ''
Eisenstein was thus faced with returning home a failure .
The trip to Mexico was for Eisenstein to make a film produced by Sinclair and his wife , Mary Craig Kimbrough Sinclair , and three other investors organized as the `` Mexican Film Trust '' .
When Eisenstein arrived at the American border , a customs search of his trunk revealed sketches and drawings of Jesus caricatures amongst other lewd pornographic material .
In mid-1932 , the Sinclairs were able to secure the services of Sol Lesser , who had just opened his distribution office in New York , Principal Distributing Corporation .
( The production executive at Film studio Mosfilm , where Meadow was being made , was also replaced , but without further executions . )
Officially , the trip was supposed to allow Eisenstein and company to learn about sound motion pictures and to present the famous Soviet artists in person to the capitalist West .
For the unfinished filming of the `` novel '' of Soldadera , without incurring any cost , Eisenstein had secured 500 soldiers , 10,000 guns , and 50 cannons from the Mexican Army , but this was lost due to Sinclair 's canceling of production .
The contract also stipulated that the film would be `` non-political , '' that immediately available funding came from Mrs. Sinclair in an amount of `` not less than Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars , '' that the shooting schedule amounted to `` a period of from three to four months , '' and most importantly that `` Eisenstein furthermore agrees that all pictures made or directed by him in Mexico , all negative film and positive prints , and all story and ideas embodied in said Mexican picture , will be the property of Mrs. Sinclair ... '' A codicil to the contract , dated December 1 , allowed that the `` Soviet Government may have the ( finished ) film free for showing inside the U.S.S.R. '' Reportedly , it was verbally clarified that the expectation was for a finished film of about an hour 's duration .
The result was a film critically received by both the Soviets and in the West , which won him the Order of Lenin and the Stalin Prize .
Eisenstein 's film , Ivan The Terrible , Part I , presenting Ivan IV of Russia as a national hero , won Joseph Stalin 's approval ( and a Stalin Prize ) , but the sequel , Ivan The Terrible , Part II was criticized by various authorities and would go unreleased until 1958 .
In 1918 he joined the Red Army , although his father Mikhail supported the opposite side .
Many of his theoretical articles from this period , such as Eisenstein on Disney , have surfaced decades later as seminal scholarly texts used as curriculum in film schools around the world .
Her son would return at times to see his father , who later moved to join them around 1910 .
His father was an architect and his mother was the daughter of a prosperous merchant .
With the war approaching Moscow , Eisenstein was one of many filmmakers evacuated to Alma-Ata , where he first considered the idea of making a film about Czar Ivan IV .
All footage from the still incomplete Ivan The Terrible , Part III was confiscated , and most of it was destroyed ( though several filmed scenes still exist today ) .
Eisenstein completed a script by the start of October 1930 , but Paramount disliked it completely and , additionally , found themselves intimidated by Major Frank Pease , president of the Hollywood Technical Director 's Institute .
He was subsequently assigned a teaching position with the film school GIK ( now Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography ) where he had taught earlier and in 1933 and 1934 was in charge of writing curriculum .
Eisenstein , Aleksandrov , and Tisse were allowed , after a month 's stay at the U.S.-Mexico border outside Laredo , Texas , a 30-day `` pass '' to get from Texas to New York , and thence depart for Moscow , while Kimbrough returned to Los Angeles with the remaining film .
Pease , an anti-communist , mounted a public campaign against Eisenstein .
The ashes were buried in the snow-covered ground of the Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow .
Julia left Riga the same year as the Russian Revolution ( 1905 ) , bringing Sergei with her to St. Petersburg .
Within months of its release , Stalin entered into a pact with Hitler , and Nevsky was promptly pulled from distribution .
Eisenstein 's first film , Glumov 's Diary ( for the theater production Wiseman ) , was also made in that same year with Dziga Vertov hired initially as an `` instructor . ''
The Soviet film industry was solving the sound-film issue without him and his films , techniques , and theories were becoming increasingly attacked as ` ideological failures ' and prime examples of formalism .
In the autumn of 1928 , with October still under fire in many Soviet quarters , Eisenstein left the Soviet Union for a tour of Europe , accompanied by his perennial film collaborator Grigori Aleksandrov and cinematographer Eduard Tisse .
Prokofiev composed the score for Eisenstein 's film and Eisenstein reciprocated by designing sets for an operatic rendition of War and Peace that Prokofiev was developing .
Eisenstein was thence able to ingratiate himself with Stalin for ` one more chance ' , and he chose , from two offerings , the assignment of a biopic of Alexander Nevsky , with music composed by Sergei Prokofiev .
Eisenstein 's health was also failing : he was struck by a heart attack during the making of this picture , and soon died of another at the age of 50 .
Eisenstein was born to a middle-class family in Riga , Latvia ( then part of the Russian Empire as Liwland Governorate ) but his family moved frequently in his early years , as Eisenstein continued to do throughout his life .
On October 23 , 1930 , by `` mutual consent , '' Paramount and Eisenstein declared their contract null and void , and the Eisenstein party were treated to return tickets to Moscow at Paramount 's expense .
After a prolonged absence , Stalin sent a telegram expressing the concern that Eisenstein had become a deserter .
The furious Sinclair shut down production and ordered Kimbrough to return to the United States with the remaining film footage and the three Soviets to see what they could do with the film already shot , estimates ranging from 170,000 lineal feet with Soldadera unfilmed , to an excess of 250,000 lineal feet .
Eisenstein admired these artists as much as Mexican culture in general , and they inspired Eisenstein to call his films `` moving frescoes '' .
It was mostly his international critical renown which enabled Eisenstein to direct October ( aka Ten Days That Shook The World ) as part of a grand tenth anniversary celebration of the October Revolution of 1917 , and then The General Line ( aka Old and New ) .
Eisenstein and his entourage spent considerable time with Charlie Chaplin , who recommended that Eisenstein meet with a sympathetic benefactor in the person of American socialist author Upton Sinclair .
In 1935 , he began another project , Bezhin Meadow , but it appears the film was afflicted with many of the same problems as Que Viva Mexico - Eisenstein unilaterally decided to film two versions of the scenario , one for adult viewers and one for children ; failed to define a clear shooting schedule ; and shot film prodigiously , resulting in cost overruns and missed deadlines .
However , this arrangement failed .
Eisenstein 's foray onto the west made the staunchly Stalinist film industry look upon him with a suspicion that would never completely disappear .
The Battleship Potemkin ( 1925 ) was acclaimed critically worldwide .
Ultimately this came down on the shoulders of Boris Shumyatsky , `` executive producer '' of Soviet film since 1932 , who in early 1938 was denounced , arrested , tried and convicted as a traitor , and shot .
and gained an exposure to Kabuki theater ; These studies would lead him to travel to Japan .
This was started , completed , and placed in distribution all within the year 1938 , and represented not only Eisenstein 's first film in nearly a decade but also his first sound film .
Eisenstein proposed a biography of munitions tycoon Sir Basil Zaharoff and a film version of Arms and the Man by George Bernard Shaw , and more fully developed plans for a film of Sutter 's Gold by Jack London , but on all accounts failed to impress the studio 's producers .
The two had mutual admiration and between the end of October 1930 , and Thanksgiving of that year , Sinclair had secured an extension of Eisenstein 's absences from the USSR , and permission for him to travel to Mexico .
, was decided on some time later still .
He apparently spent some time in a mental hospital in Kislovodsk in July 1933 , ostensibly a result of depression born of his final acceptance that he would never be allowed to edit the Mexican footage , turned over by Sinclair to Hollywood editors , who would irreparably alter the negatives .
Later he produced a brief synopsis of the six-part film which would come , in one form or another , to be the final plan Eisenstein would settle on for his project .
It was an obvious allegory and stern warning against the massing forces of Nazi Germany , well played and well made .
He is noted in particular for his silent films Strike ( 1924 ) , Battleship Potemkin ( 1925 ) and October ( 1927 ) , as well as the historical epics Alexander Nevsky ( 1938 ) and Ivan the Terrible ( 1944 , 1958 ) .
However , in infants , HIV\/AIDS patients , and others with weakened immunity , infection can cause serious and occasionally fatal illness ( toxoplasmosis ) .
Although mild , flu-like symptoms occasionally occur during the first few weeks following exposure , infection with T. gondii generally produces no symptoms in healthy human adults .
Felids are therefore defined as the definitive hosts of T. gondii , with all other hosts defined as intermediate hosts .
Infection in humans and other warm-blooded animals can occur Although T. gondii can infect , be transmitted by , and asexually reproduce within humans and virtually all other warm-blooded animals , the parasite can sexually reproduce only within the intestines of members of the cat family ( felids ) .
In humans , it is one of the most common parasites ; serological studies estimate that up to a third of the global population has been exposed to and may be chronically infected with T. gondii , although infection rates differ significantly from country to country .
Individual fruits are round to slightly flattened .
They are harvested before the first light frost , when the plant 's foliage dies .
Although recommendations vary , seeds are often planted at a depth of 1 to 3 cm ( 0.39 to 1.18 in ) , spaced 3 to 8 cm ( 1.2 to 3.1 in ) apart , in hills of between five and eight seeds .
They are often bright orange in color , with fine-grained , yellow-orange flesh .
Best planted between two and four weeks after the average last frost , Big Max pumpkins typically become ripe 110 to 120 days after sowing .
The flesh has been described as good for canning and freezing .
Big Max is a large variety of squash that can exceed 100 pounds ( 45 kg ) and 20 in ( 510 mm ) in diameter under ideal growing conditions .
The skin , deeply ribbed and slightly roughened , can grow to be 3 to 4 in ( 76 to 102 mm ) thick , making them favorable for storage .
Specimens as large as 300 pounds have been grown .
A diverse array of living organisms can be found in the biosphere of Earth , and the properties common to these organisms-plants , animals , fungi , protists , archaea , and bacteria-are a carbon - and water-based cellular form with complex organization and heritable genetic information .
More complex organisms can communicate through alternative means .
Organisms undergo metabolism , maintain homeostasis , can grow , respond to stimuli , reproduce and , through natural selection , adapt to their environment in successive generations .
On July 11 , 2008 , DeBakey died at The Methodist Hospital in Houston at age 99 ; the cause of death remained unspecified .
DeBakey practiced medicine until the day he died .
DeBakey received his BS degree from Tulane University in New Orleans .
At age 23 , while still in medical school at Tulane University , DeBakey developed the roller pump , the significance of which was not realized until 20 years later when it became an essential component of the heart-lung machine .
Venter himself recognized his own ADHD behavior in his adolescence , and later found ADHD-linked genes in his own DNA .
In 2010 , the British magazine New Statesman listed Craig Venter at 14th in the list of `` The World 's 50 Most Influential Figures 2010 '' .
He was listed on Time magazine 's 2007 and 2008 Time 100 list of the most influential people in the world .
John Craig Venter ( born October 14 , 1946 ) is an American biologist and entrepreneur .
Venter founded Celera Genomics , The Institute for Genomic Research ( TIGR ) and the J. Craig Venter Institute ( JCVI ) , and is now working at JCVI to create synthetic biological organisms .
It has an area of 1,996 square kilometres ( 771 sq mi ) .
The capital of the district is the town of Mannar .
Mannar District ( Tamil : மன்னார் மாவட்டம் Maṉṉār Māvaṭṭam ; Sinhala : මන න රම ද ස ත ර ක කය ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka , the second level administrative division of the country .
Mannar District is located in the north west of Sri Lanka in the Northern Province .
Between 1969 and 2003 , 824 Harrier variants were delivered .
The BAE Systems\/Boeing Harrier II is a modified version of the AV-8B Harrier II that was used by the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) and the Royal Navy until 2010 .
Following an approach by the Bristol Engine Company in 1957 that they were planning a directed thrust engine , Hawker Aircraft came up with a design for an aeroplane that could meet the NATO specification for a `` Light Tactical Support Fighter '' .
While manufacture of new Harriers concluded in 1997 , the last remanufactured aircraft ( Harrier II Plus configuration ) was delivered in December 2003 which ended the Harrier production line .
There was no financial support for the development from HM Treasury , but aid was found through the Mutual Weapon Development Project ( MWDP ) of NATO .
The Harrier was extensively redeveloped by McDonnell Douglas and British Aerospace ( now parts of Boeing and BAE Systems respectively ) , leading to the Boeing\/BAE Systems AV-8B Harrier II .
It is 900 km long , 4-20 m deep , and 7.3 km wide at the narrowest point .
Strait of Tartary ( Gulf of Tartary , Gulf of Tatary , Tatar Strait , Tartar Strait , Strait of Tartar , also Russian : Татарский пролив , Chinese : 韃靼海峽 , Japanese : 間宮海峡 , Mamiya Strait ) is a strait in the Pacific Ocean dividing the Russian island of Sakhalin from mainland Asia ( South-East Russia ) , connecting the Sea of Okhotsk on the north with the Sea of Japan on the south .
On January 3 , 2008 , Microsoft announced that Halo 3 has sold 8.1 million copies .
More than one million people played Halo 3 on Xbox Live in the first twenty hours .
Despite efforts to keep the Covenant from finding further human worlds , a Covenant fleet discovers Earth during Halo 2 .
First-day sales of Halo 3 reached $ 170 million in the U.S. , setting a record for highest gross of an entertainment product within 24 hours of its release .
Halo 3 introduces `` support weapons '' , which are cumbersome two-handed weapons that slow the player , but offer greatly increased firepower in return .
By November 30 , 2007 , Halo 3 had sold 5 million copies worldwide , and as of that point , was the best-selling video game of 2007 in the U.S. , even though the game is only available on one console .
Instead of having each player be an identical character as in previous Halo games , the first player plays as Master Chief , and the second player plays as the Arbiter .
The game was released on September 25 , 2007 in Australia , Brazil , India , New Zealand , North America , and Singapore ; September 26 , 2007 in Europe ; and September 27 , 2007 in Japan .
By 1999 , estimates provided by the State Sports Commission suggested there were 60 to 70 million Falun Gong practitioners in China .
Falun Gong or Falun Dafa ( literally means `` Dharma Wheel Practice '' or `` Law Wheel Practice '' ) is a spiritual discipline first introduced in China in 1992 through public lectures by its founder , Li Hongzhi .
Xinhua News Agency , the official news organization of the Communist Party , declared that Falun Gong is `` opposed to the Communist Party of China and the central government , preaches idealism , theism and feudal superstition . ''
Following the suppression of Falun Gong in 1999 , Chinese authorities sought to portray Falun Gong as a hierarchical and well-funded organization .
Falun Gong founder Li Hongzhi has lived in the United States since 1996 , and Falun Gong has a sizable global constituency ; inside China , some sources estimate that millions may continue to practice Falun Gong in spite of suppression .
For this and other reasons , including a belief by many Mormons in American exceptionalism , Molly Worthen speculates that this may be why Leo Tolstoy described Mormonism as the `` quintessential ` American religion ' '' .
Mormons believe in Jesus Christ as the literal firstborn Son of God and Messiah , his crucifixion as a conclusion of a sin offering , and subsequent resurrection .
Much of the Mormon belief system is oriented geographically around the North and South American continents .
Mormons believe that the people of the Book of Mormon lived in the western hemisphere , that Christ appeared in the western hemisphere after his death and resurrection , that the true faith was restored in Upstate New York by Joseph Smith , that the Garden of Eden was located in North America , and that the New Jerusalem would be built in Missouri .
Additionally , Mormons do n't believe in creation ex nihilo , believing that matter is eternal , and creation involved God organizing existing matter .
Some notable differences with mainstream Christianity include : A belief that Jesus began his atonement in the garden of Gethsemane and continued it to his crucifixion , rather than the orthodox belief that the crucifixion alone was the physical atonement ; and an afterlife with three degrees of glory , with hell ( often called spirit prison ) being a temporary repository for the wicked between death and the resurrection .
Mormons believe in the Old and New Testaments , and the LDS Church uses the King James Bible as its official scriptural text of the Bible .
After Smith 's death , most Mormons followed Brigham Young west , calling themselves The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
However , Latter-day Saints ( LDS ) reject the ecumenical creeds and the definition of the Trinity ( In contrast , the second largest Latter Day Saint denomination , the Community of Christ , is Trinitarian and monotheistic . )
Weapons whose explosive output is exclusively from fission reactions are commonly referred to as atomic bombs or atom bombs ( abbreviated as A-bombs ) .
Israel is also widely believed to possess nuclear weapons , though it does not acknowledge having them .
Two nuclear weapons have been used in the course of warfare , both times by the United States near the end of World War II .
There are other types of nuclear weapons as well .
Bread is usually made from a wheat-flour dough that is cultured with yeast , allowed to rise , and finally baked in an oven .
The Necronomicon is a fictional grimoire appearing in the stories by horror writer H. P. Lovecraft and his followers .
Betty James managed the company , juggled creditors , and in 1964 moved the company to Hollidaysburg , Pennsylvania .
In 1952 , the Slinky Dog debuted .
Slinky was inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame at The Strong in Rochester , New York , in 2000 .
The Jameses had difficulty selling Slinky to toy stores but , in November 1945 , they were granted permission to set up an inclined plane in the toy section of Gimbels department store in Philadelphia to demonstrate the toy .
In 2002 , Slinky became Pennsylvania 's official state toy , and , in 2003 , was named to the Toy Industry Association 's `` Century of Toys List . ''
Other Slinky toys introduced in the 1950s included the Slinky train Loco , the Slinky worm Suzie , and the Slinky Crazy Eyes , a pair of glasses that uses Slinkys over the eyeholes attached to plastic eyeballs .
In 1995 , she explained the toy 's success to the Associated Press by saying , `` It 's the simplicity of it . ''
In 2003 , Nickelback released The Long Road .
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna , Alberta .
On 18 March 2003 , the bombing of Iraq by the United States , the United Kingdom , Spain , Italy , Poland , Australia , and Denmark began .
Kingdom Hearts II was re-released in Japan on March 29 , 2007 as a 2-disc set titled Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix + .
Kingdom Hearts II is the third game in the Kingdom Hearts series .
Kingdom Hearts II begins one year after the events of Kingdom Hearts and Chain of Memories .
The first volume was released in Japan in December 2006 .
LM1 is now in a locked vault at the Mungo National Park exhibition center .
New studies show that , using the length of his limb bones , it is possible to estimate LM3 's height at 196 centimetres ( 77 inches or 6 ft 5 in ) , abnormally tall for an Aboriginal .
The reconstruction and description were mainly done by Alan Thorne at the Australian National University .
LM3 was buried lying on its back , with his hands interlocked covering the groin .
LM1 was discovered in 1969 and is one of the world 's oldest known cremations .
Lake Mungo is in New South Wales , Australia , specifically the World Heritage listed Willandra Lakes Region .
Lake Mungo 3 ( LM3 ) was discovered by ANU geomorphologist Dr. Jim Bowler on 26 February 1974 when shifting sand dunes exposed his remains .
The skeleton had been somewhat poorly preserved , with substantial portions of the skull missing , and most of the bones in the limbs suffering surface damage .
The remains are the oldest anatomically modern human remains found in Australia to date .
The body was sprinkled with red ochre , in the earliest known example of such a sophisticated and artistic burial practice .
Based on evidence of osteoarthritis in the lumbar vertebrae , eburnation , and severe wear on the teeth with pulp exposure , it seems likely that LM3 was quite old ( around 50 years old ) when he died .
LM1 was discovered in 1969 in the Willandra Lakes Region by Jim Bowler with the University of Melbourne .
The Lake Mungo remains are three prominent sets of bodies : Lake Mungo 1 ( also called Mungo Lady , LM1 , and ANU-618 ) , Lake Mungo 3 ( also called Mungo Man , Lake Mungo III , and LM3 ) , and Lake Mungo 2 ( LM2 ) .
This aspect of the discovery has been particularly significant to indigenous Australians , since it indicates that certain cultural traditions have existed on the Australian continent for much longer than previously thought .
The skeleton was of a gracile individual , which contrasts with the morphology of modern indigenous Australians .
A symphonic poem or tone poem is a piece of orchestral or concert band music , usually in a single continuous section ( a movement ) that illustrates or evokes the content of a poem , short story , novel , painting , landscape , or other ( non-musical ) source .
It is formally named Yamashina no misasagi .
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Tenji 's mausoleum .
This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ( misasagi ) at Yamashina-ku , Kyoto .
during Emperor Tenji 's reign included : Prince Ōtomo ( Ōtomo-shinnō ) was the favorite son of Emperor Tenji ; and he was also the first to be accorded the title of Daijō-daijin .
, 626 - January 7 , 672 ) , also known as Emperor Tenchi , was the 38th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Emperor Tenji ( 天智天皇 , Tenji-tennō ?
He was the son of Emperor Jomei , but was preceded as ruler by his mother Empress Saimei .
Tenji was particularly active in improving the military institutions which had been established during the Taika reforms .
Post-Meiji chronology Pre-Meiji chronology Prior to the 19th century , Otomo was understood to have been a mere interloper , a pretender , an anomaly ; and therefore , if that commonly accepted understanding were to have been valid , then it would have followed : The actual site of Tenji 's grave is known .
The Tyndale Bible also played a key role in spreading reformation ideas to England which had been reluctant to embrace the movement .
The Tyndale Bible generally refers to the body of biblical translations by William Tyndale .
Prior to his execution Tyndale had only finished translating the entire New Testament and roughly half of the Old Testament .
The term Tyndale 's Bible is not strictly correct , because Tyndale never published a complete Bible .
His work made up a significant portion of the Great Bible which was the first authorized version of the English Bible .
His translations laid the foundations for many of the English Bibles which followed his .
Two revised versions were later published in 1534 and 1536 , both personally revised by Tyndale himself .
Tyndale 's Bible is credited with being the first English translation to work directly from Hebrew and Greek texts .
The legacy of Tyndale 's Bible can not be overstated .
After his death in 1536 Tyndale 's works were revised and reprinted numerous times and are reflected in more modern versions of the Bible , including , perhaps most famously , the King James Bible .
The chain of events that led to the creation of Tyndale 's New Testament possibly began in 1522 , the year Tyndale acquired a copy of Martin Luther 's German New Testament .
Tyndale made his purpose known to the Bishop of London at the time , Cuthbert Tunstall , but was refused permission to produce this `` heretical '' text .
But before the work could be completed , Tyndale was betrayed to the authorities and forced to flee to Worms , where the first complete edition of his New Testament was published in 1526 .
Tyndale 's translations were condemned in England , where his work was banned and copies burned .
Thwarted in England , Tyndale moved to the continent .
The main industries in Câmpulung Moldovenesc are dairy products , lumber , and ecotourism .
One can also enjoy the forests which surround Câmpulung Moldovenesc or visit a monastery in one of the nearby villages .
Câmpulung Moldovenesc is accessible by both car and train .
The city is located in the mountain area of Obcinele Bucovinei , on the banks of the Moldova River .
Crabs are found in all of the world 's oceans , while many crabs live in fresh water and on land , particularly in tropical regions .
Crabs are omnivores , feeding primarily on algae , and taking any other food , including molluscs , worms , other crustaceans , fungi , bacteria and detritus , depending on their availability and the crab species .
Crabs vary in size from the pea crab , a few millimetres wide , to the Japanese spider crab , with a leg span of up to 4 metres ( 13 ft ) .
Many other animals with similar names - such as hermit crabs , king crabs , porcelain crabs , horseshoe crabs and crab lice - are not true crabs .
This season saw the league 's Board of Governors introduce the Presidents ' Trophy , which would go to the team with the best overall record in the NHL regular season .
The Montreal Canadiens defeated the Calgary Flames four games to one in the final series to win the Stanley Cup .
The 1985-86 NHL season was the 69th season of the National Hockey League .
The Edmonton Oilers would be the first winners of this award .
Note : GP = Games Played , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against , Pts = Points , PIM = Penalty Minutes Montreal wins best-of-seven series four games to one .
The Saar River flows through the district , the Moselle River forms the boundary in the west to Luxembourg .
The district was created in 1816 when the area became property of Prussia .
After World War I the Saar area was under special government of the League of Nations , which split the district into two .
In 1935 , the Saar area rejoined Germany ; however , it took till after the World War II that the two parts of the district were reunited in 1946 .
Merzig-Wadern is a Kreis ( district ) in the northwest of the Saarland , Germany .
The area around Wadern stayed Prussian , while the Merzig area became part of the Saar area .
An art film ( also known as art movie , specialty film , art house film , or in the collective sense as art cinema ) is typically a serious , independent film aimed at a niche market rather than a mass market audience .
The Iranian women 's movement is based on the Iranian women 's social movement for women 's rights .
This movement first emerged some time after the Iranian Constitutional Revolution in 1910 , the year in which the first Women Journal was published by women .
The movement lasted until 1933 in which the last women 's association was dissolved by the Reza Shah Pahlavi 's government .
The Han River and its surrounding area have played an important role in Korean history .
However , the river is no longer actively used for navigation , because its estuary is located at the borders of the two Koreas , barred for entrance by any civilian .
A total of 27 bridges cross the Han River in Seoul National Capital Area ( Seoul , Gyeonggi , Incheon ) , South Korea , are , From the west to the east In 2017 , Line 8 will open to extension that will cross the Han River .
The Han River has played a central role in Korean history from the earliest times .
The two major branches of the river , the Namhan River and the Bukhan River , come together at Yangsu-ri , Gyeonggi-do province , at which point it is referred to as the Han River .
The River flows through Seoul and then merges with the Imjin River shortly before it flows into the Yellow Sea .
But this alliance was not to last , and in 553 Silla broke its alliance with Baekje to seize control of the entire river as part of its bid for domination of the peninsula .
The Han River is a major river in South Korea and the fourth longest river on the Korean peninsula after the Amnok , Duman , and Nakdong rivers .
The kingdom of Baekje was the first to lay claim to the Han River , recognizing its strategic significance , as a primary waterway linking the central western region of the peninsula with the Yellow Sea as well as for the river 's fertile alluvial banks , a relative rarity on the mountainous peninsula .
Substituting this form for D in the expression for displacement current , it has two components : The first term on the right hand side is present everywhere , even in a vacuum .
Ampère 's circuital law is now known to be a correct law of physics in a magnetostatic situation : The system is static except possibly for continuous steady currents within closed loops .
The displacement current is justified today because it serves several requirements of an electromagnetic theory : correct prediction of magnetic fields in regions where no free current flows ; prediction of wave propagation of electromagnetic fields ; and conservation of electric charge in cases where charge density is time-varying .
Both contributions to the displacement current are combined by defining the displacement current as : where the electric displacement field is defined as : where ε0 is the electric constant , εr the relative static permittivity , and P is the polarization density .
By the Stokes ' theorem , this equation can also be written in a `` differential form '' .
Even though charges can not flow freely in a dielectric , the charges in molecules can move a little under the influence of an electric field .
For greater discussion see Displacement current .
It does n't involve any actual movement of charge , but it nevertheless has an associated magnetic field , as if it were an actual current .
In the modern post-aether era , the concept has been extended to apply to situations with no material media present , for example , to the vacuum between the plates of a charging vacuum capacitor .
The positive and negative charges in molecules separate under the applied field , causing an increase in the state of polarization , expressed as the polarization density P. A changing state of polarization is equivalent to a current .
The law can be written in two forms , the `` integral form '' and the `` differential form '' .
In a dielectric the above contribution to displacement current is present too , but a major contribution to the displacement current is related to the polarization of the individual molecules of the dielectric material .
It can also be written in terms of either the B or H magnetic fields .
In free space , the displacement current is related to the time rate of change of electric field .
The second term on the right hand side is the displacement current as originally conceived by Maxwell , associated with the polarization of the individual molecules of the dielectric material .
Maxwell 's original explanation for displacement current focused upon the situation that occurs in dielectric media .
Some authors apply the name displacement current to only this contribution .
In its historically original form , Ampère 's circuital law relates the magnetic field to its electric current source .
The forms are equivalent , and related by the Kelvin-Stokes theorem .
In all other cases the law is incorrect unless Maxwell 's correction is included ( see below ) .
It relates magnetic fields to electric currents that produce them .
Again , the two forms are equivalent ( see the `` proof '' section below ) .
Using Ampere 's law , one can determine the magnetic field associated with a given current or current associated with a given magnetic field , providing there is no time changing electric field present .
In classical electromagnetism , Ampère 's circuital law , discovered by André-Marie Ampère in 1826 , relates the integrated magnetic field around a closed loop to the electric current passing through the loop .
Again , this equation only applies in the case where the electric field is constant in time , meaning the currents are steady ( time-independent , else the magnetic field would change with time ) ; see below for the more general form .
James Clerk Maxwell derived it again using hydrodynamics in his 1861 paper On Physical Lines of Force and it is now one of the Maxwell equations , which form the basis of classical electromagnetism .
There are a number of ambiguities in the above definitions that require clarification and a choice of convention .
In SI units , the equation states for total current : and for free current where ∇ × is the curl operator .
Might & Magic Heroes VI is a turn-based strategy video game for Microsoft Windows developed by Black Hole Entertainment and published by Ubisoft .
On special religious occasions , mitho lolo , accompanied with milk , is given to the poor .
The daily food in most Sindhi households consists of wheat-based flat-bread ( phulka ) and rice accompanied by two dishes , one gravy and one dry .
This section provides the translations between Urdu\/Hindi , Sindhi and English ( British and American ) cooking terms of common Sindhi food .
There are occasional differences in Sindhi dialects for instance Hyderabadi Sindhi will refer to an egg as ` bedo ' however Sindhis from other parts will refer to it as ` aano ' .
Special dishes are also served on recovery from serious illness for example when someone makes a full recovery from Chicken Pox , it is common to make an offering and make `` mitho lolo '' , a sweet griddle-roasted flatbread : the dough is wheat flour mixed with oil ( or ghee ) and sugar syrup flavored with ground cardamom .
With over 80 million new classified advertisements each month , Craigslist is the leading classifieds service in any medium .
The site receives over 2 million new job listings each month , making it one of the top job boards in the world .
In 2009 , Craigslist operated with a staff of 28 people .
Craigslist 's main source of revenue is paid job ads in select cities - $ 75 per ad for the San Francisco Bay Area ; $ 25 per ad for New York City , Los Angeles , San Diego , Boston , Seattle , Washington , D.C. , Chicago , Philadelphia , Orange County ( California ) and Portland , Oregon-and paid broker apartment listings in New York City ( $ 10 per ad ) .
The site serves over 20 billion page views per month , putting it in 37th place overall among web sites worldwide and 10th place overall among web sites in the United States ( per Alexa.com on March 24 , 2011 ) , with over 49.4 million unique monthly visitors in the United States alone ( per Compete.com on January 8 , 2010 ) .
Craig Newmark began the service in 1995 as an email distribution list to friends , featuring local events in the San Francisco Bay Area , before becoming a web-based service in 1996 and expanding into other classified categories .
The web site expanded into nine more U.S. cities in 2000 , four in 2001 and 2002 each , and 14 in 2003 .
He learned the alphabet from his mother at 3 , and could read and write at age 5 .
José Protacio Rizal Mercado y Alonso Realonda ( June 19 , 1861 - December 30 , 1896 ) was a Filipino nationalist , novelist , poet , ophthalmologist , journalist , and revolutionary .
It is one of the track events in the Olympic Games and the World Championships in Athletics .
While mainly run as an outdoor event , the 5000 m is sometimes run on an indoor track .
The 5000 metres or 5000-meter run ( approximately 3.1 mi or 16,404 ft ) is a common long-distance running event in track and field .
Whilst speed is necessary , tactics also play a key role , and the combination makes it attractive to many .
It is a distance race that demands a great deal of aerobic endurance .
The IAAF keeps official records for both outdoor and indoor 5000 m track events .
Much of the distance 's popularity is due to the challenge it offers to both novices and accomplished professionals .
There is evidence for human behavioral learning prenatally , in which habituation has been observed as early as 32 weeks into gestation , indicating that the central nervous system is sufficiently developed and primed for learning and memory to occur very early on in development .
Learning may occur consciously or without conscious awareness .
Learning may occur as a result of habituation or classical conditioning , seen in many animal species , or as a result of more complex activities such as play , seen only in relatively intelligent animals .
Pneumatics uses an easily compressible gas such as air or a suitable pure gas-while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil .
Pneumatics is a section of technology that deals with the study and application of pressurized gas to produce mechanical motion .
Both pneumatics and hydraulics are applications of fluid power .
He participated in jazz festivals in Russia and abroad , in radio and TV programs .
Starting from 2002 , he cooperated with Stas Namin , the musician , composer , and record producer .
In 1985 Arkhipovsky became a laureate of the Contest of Folk Instrument Performers in Russia .
His father was passionate for music and played the garmon and the accordion .
From 1998 on he toured around Russia and abroad with the State Academic Folk Ensemble `` Rossiya '' directed by Lyudmila Zykina .
As a soloist-performer , Alexey Arkhipovsky took part in Russian culture festivals in the United States , China , South Korea , Germany , France , Spain and Bulgaria .
In 1982 , he entered the Gnessin State Musical College , the department of folk instruments , and studied the balalaika under Valery Zazhigin .
Abdülaziz ( Ottoman Turkish : عبد العزيز \/ ` Abdü ` l - ` Azīz ; 9\/18 February 1830 - 4 June 1876 ) was the 32nd Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and reigned between 25 June 1861 and 30 May 1876 .
Korean cuisine is largely based upon rice , vegetables , and meats .
Traditional Korean meals are noted for the number of side dishes ( banchan ) that accompany steam-cooked short-grain rice .
Commonly used ingredients include sesame oil , doenjang ( fermented bean paste ) , soy sauce , salt , garlic , ginger , pepper flakes and gochujang ( fermented red chili paste ) .
Kimchi is served often , sometimes at every meal .
Ion Television is an American hybrid broadcast and cable\/satellite television network that is owned by Ion Media Networks .
The network first began broadcasting on August 31 , 1998 as Pax TV , a name it used until its rebranding as i : Independent Television on July 1 , 2005 ; the network adopted its current identity as Ion Television on January 29 , 2007 .
The South China Sea Islands consist of over 250 islands , atolls , cays , shoals , reefs , and sandbars in the South China Sea , most of which have no indigenous people , many of which are naturally under water at high tide , some of which are permanently submerged .
According to Homer 's Iliad , she is the daughter of Zeus and Dione .
There are a number of different types of substitution cipher .
Substitution ciphers can be compared with transposition ciphers .
He continues to serve as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) representing the Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency and holds the honorary title of `` Emeritus Senior Minister '' .
A member of the People 's Action Party ( PAP ) , he became Singapore 's second Prime Minister on 28 November 1990 , succeeding Lee Kuan Yew , and served in the role until 12 August 2004 , when he stepped down and was succeeded by Lee Hsien Loong .
He subsequently served as Senior Minister until May 2011 , and as Chairman of the Monetary Authority Of Singapore ( MAS ) .
In 1307 , many of the Order 's members in France were arrested , tortured into giving false confessions , and then burned at the stake .
The Templars ' existence was tied closely to the Crusades ; when the Holy Land was lost , support for the Order faded .
The Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon ( Latin : Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Salomonici ) , commonly known as the Knights Templar , the Order of the Temple ( French : Ordre du Temple or Templiers ) or simply as Templars , were among the most wealthy and powerful of the Western Christian military orders and were among the most prominent actors of the Christian finance .
Templar knights , in their distinctive white mantles with a red cross , were among the most skilled fighting units of the Crusades .
Officially endorsed by the Catholic Church around 1129 , the Order became a favored charity throughout Christendom and grew rapidly in membership and power .
Non-combatant members of the Order managed a large economic infrastructure throughout Christendom , innovating financial techniques that were an early form of banking , and building fortifications across Europe and the Holy Land .
Under pressure from King Philip , Pope Clement V disbanded the Order in 1312 .
Rumours about the Templars ' secret initiation ceremony created mistrust and King Philip IV of France , deeply in debt to the Order , took advantage of the situation .
The organization existed for nearly two centuries during the Middle Ages .
It is now in the Derby Museum and Art Gallery .
This dial can be used both to read solar time shown by sundials and also the mean time that is favored by clocks , with the practical purpose that observers can use the dial to calibrate their pocket watches , which in 1812 would not always run true .
Derby is at 1 ° 28 ′ 46.2 ″ West of Greenwich , so the sun is approximately 5 mins and 52.05 s later in reaching noon .
Significantly , on the plate we can see a pair of scales that help the observer make the equation of time correction .
The Whitehurst & Son Sundial was produced in Derby in 1812 by the nephew of John Whitehurst .
As the dial is now 0 ° 6 ′ 49 ″ , or about 1\/10th of a degree south - the nose of the gnomon needs to be raised by that amount .
Each day over a yearly cycle the shadow will be different from the day before , and the shadow is specific to the location of the dial , particularly its latitude .
The family business was known for their turret clocks .
The 15th April is one day when no conversion needs to be made .
The dial is designed to tell local apparent time so the longitude is not significant .
This particular bronze sundial is marked `` Whitehurst and Son\/Derby\/1812 '' and is thought to have been made for George Benson Strutt ( who was the younger brother of the cotton spinner William Strutt ) , for his home Bridge Hill House , in Belper .
This has the precise location of 53 ° 1 ′ 49.08 ″ north , and 1 ° 29 ′ 26.88 ″ West of Greenwich , which is slightly different from those of Derby , at 52 ° 55 ′ 00 ″ north , a difference of 6 ′ 49 ″ .
His nephew continued the business under the name of Whitehurst & Son .
By this we mean that noon will be at the point when the sun is highest in sky and due south , standard time would be when the sun was due south at another point such as the Royal Observatory at Greenwich .
Here it is labeled `` Watch Slower , Watch Faster .
In the same manner , the half hours and the minute lines would be calculated .
John Whitehurst ( 1713-1788 ) was born in Congleton , but came to Derby where he entered business as a watch and clock maker .
For instance at 3 hours after noon , we substitute the numbers 53.03 and 3 into the formula This generates these results The hours before noon are exactly the same , the dial is symmetrical , the other lines are mirror images of those above - 2 way symmetry .
For each of the hours 1 to 6 , the formula is calculated .
It is accurate to the nearest minute .
In this design of sundial , the angle of the style to the dial plate is exactly the same as latitude , which is 53 ° 1 ′ 49 ″ the latitude of the Bridge Hill House .
In the horizontal sundial ( also called a garden sundial ) , the plane that receives the shadow is aligned horizontally , rather than being perpendicular to the style as in the equatorial dial .
The dial plate is precision engraved , the hour lines having been calculated using the formula : where λ is the sundial 's geographical latitude ( and the angle the style makes with horizontal ) , θ is the angle between a given hour-line and the noon hour-line ( which always points towards true North ) on the plane , and t is the number of hours before or after noon .
Hence , the line of shadow does not rotate uniformly on the dial face ; rather , the hour lines are spaced according to a calculation .
As noon lies exactly on the north-south line , and not 5 ' and 54 '' to one side we can tell that this dial is telling Belper time and not Greenwich time .
By 1820 watch manufacture had improved : the Lever escapement had become universally adopted and frequent calibration was no longer needed .
The Whitehurst family was known in Derby as eminent mechanics .
Sundial construction is based on understanding the geometry of the solar system , and particularly how the sun will cast a shadow onto a flat surface , in this case a horizontal surface .
Railways timetabling demanded a fixed noon and fixed day leading to the adoption of Greenwich Mean Time .
He moved to London when appointed to the post of Inspector of Weights .
One scale gives the date in months and days while alongside of it another engraved with the minutes on that day that the watch would be running faster or slower .
The local Midland Railway had adopted Greenwich Mean Time by January 1848 .
The dial plate is not made up of one complete circle , but two semicircles separated by the thickness of the style .
The dial plate will be perfectly horizontal , slight adjustments for latitude can be made were the dial moved by shimmying up the dial plate by the change in degree , from the horizontal .
This dial is stoutly made , with a thick gnomon , one edge of gnomon is the style which throws the shadow before noon , and the other edge is the style which throws the shadow after noon .
The Longitude is almost identical , and gives only a 2 second time difference .
They measure average time or local mean time .
A mobility aid is a device designed to assist walking or otherwise improve the mobility of people with a mobility impairment .
Cranston was born in Hamilton , Ontario in 1949 and grew up in Kirkland Lake .
Toller Shalitoe Montague Cranston , CM ( born April 20 , 1949 ) is a Canadian figure skater and painter .
Cranston is credited by many with bringing a new level of artistry to men 's figure skating .
The use of glass is to allow dice to be thrown more easily .
There are three types of special boxes .
The objective of the game is to advance all the pieces to the end .
There are boards for 4 , 6 and 8 players .
There are some exceptions to this rule : The player can capture an opponent 's piece by placing his own piece on the same box as the other player 's piece .
Each player is given four pieces and uses a specific color .
The boards usually contain pictures of soccer teams , singers , actors , or other cultural figures on the jail boxes .
Adults usually play the game by betting money on the first piece , on capturing pieces , or on winning the game , to make gameplay more interesting .
Parqués stems directly from Pachisi in the same way as Parcheesi , Parchís or Ludo .
When he frees any piece from jail , the pieces placed on his home are captured , that is , sent to its jail , losing all their advances .
Parqués is played with two dice ; two to eight players can compete in the same match , depending on what type of game board is used .
The most common colors are red , blue , yellow and green , usually arranged in that order .
Parqués is a mixture of the original Indian game and the influences of local Colombian culture .
The player throws the dice three times and attempts to get a pair in order to `` free '' the pieces .
Capturing in Colombia is called `` eating '' ( `` comer '' in Spanish ) .
The board itself is usually placed on a box covered by glass .
Moreover , no Parqués game is played in any other Latin American countries .
However , the player can capture pieces on his home box .
Each player can throw the dice once .
Parqués is the Colombian version of Parcheesi , which itself is a version of Pachisi ( which originated in India ) .
The game is described as a `` random thinking '' game : the moves depend on the roll of the dice but players must consider possible strategies before executing their move .
Otherwise , the first player frees the pieces and wins an extra turn to move them .
There are versions of the board that are made of paper to make it portable .
If nobody notices , nothing happens .
This box is called `` Home '' , or `` Salida '' ( literally , `` exit '' in Spanish .
If a player does not roll any pairs during his turn , the dice are passed to the player on the right .
On that case , an opponent must accuse him and the piece that did not capture must go to jail .
There is no proof to the claim that it stems from a country other than India , up to date .
The jail box is where the pieces are placed at the beginning of the match and it is where they go whenever an opponent `` captures '' them .
After the player makes a move , the turn must be passed to the player on the right ( anti-clockwise ) The pieces can not advance backwards , and they can not be in any of the four boxes before their `` Home '' box .
However , he can not capture a piece that is on a safe or a home box .
The player can avoid capturing the piece , usually done by mistake .
Although it could be argued that the game 's origin is Spanish ( from Parchís ) due to the similarity between both games , there is wide agreement in Colombia that the game is completely Colombian .
Once the pieces are freed , they are placed in a special box next to the jail .
In Colombia , people from all parts of the country play the game and there are local variations of it .
The player throws again and must move the points of the dice with either 1 or 2 pieces .
Parqués is the Colombian version of a board game in the cross and circle family ( the category that includes Pachisi ) .
residential area in the wood ) is a district of the city where the political leaders of the GDR lived isolated from the people .
This line of the Berlin S-Bahn connected Bernau with the Stettiner Bahnhof ( today Berlin Nordbahnhof ) in Berlin .
In 1842 a railway line was opened .
The Allgemeiner Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund ( ADGB ) , a confederation of German trade unions , opened its school in 1930 .
The town is located about 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) northeast of Berlin .
Bernau bei Berlin ( English Bernau by Berlin , commonly named Bernau ) is a German town in the Barnim district .
One of the first electrical suburban railway lines in the world began operation in 1924 .
The Waldsiedlung ( engl .
Very dark brown to black hornblendes that contain titanium are ordinarily called basaltic hornblende , from the fact that they are usually a constituent of basalt and related rocks .
Hornblende is an isomorphous mixture of three molecules ; a calcium-iron-magnesium silicate , an aluminium-iron-magnesium silicate , and an iron-magnesium silicate .
Some metals vary in their occurrence and magnitude : Hornblende has a hardness of 5-6 , a specific gravity of 2.9-3 .4 and is typically an opaque green , greenish-brown , brown or black color .
It is the principal mineral of amphibolites .
It is not a recognized mineral in its own right , but the name is used as a general or field term , to refer to a dark amphibole .
It is most often confused with various pyroxene minerals and biotite mica , which are black and can be found in granite and in charnockite .
Hornblende is a common constituent of many igneous and metamorphic rocks such as granite , syenite , diorite , gabbro , basalt , andesite , gneiss , and schist .
Other minerals in the hornblende series include : The word hornblende is derived from the German horn and blenden , to ` deceive ' in allusion to its similarity in appearance to metal-bearing ore minerals .
After Prussia was dissolved by the Allied powers in 1947 , the area was divided between the German states ( Länder ) of Brandenburg , Mecklenburg , Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt und Thuringia .
The Soviet Occupation Zone ( German : Sowjetische Besatzungszone ( SBZ ) or Ostzone ; Russian : Советская оккупационная зона Германии , Sovetskaya okkupatsionnaya zona Germanii , `` Soviet Occupation Zone of Germany '' ) was the area of central Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on , at the end of World War II .
In April 1946 , the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) and the Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) merged to form the Socialist Unity Party ( which later became the governing party of East Germany ) .
On 7 October 1949 , the Soviet zone became the German Democratic Republic , usually referred to in English as East Germany .
In 1945 , the Soviet occupation zone consisted primarily of the central portions of Prussia .
According to the Potsdam Agreement , the Soviet Military Administration in Germany ( German initials : SMAD ) was assigned responsibility for the ( present-day ) eastern portion of Germany .
It is the capital of Belize 's Stann Creek District and also the largest town in southern Belize .
It is served by the Dangriga Airport .
The city is served by Southern Regional Hospital .
Dangriga , formerly known as Stann Creek Town , is a town in southern Belize , located on the Caribbean coast at the mouth of the North Stann Creek River .
Since the early 1980s Garífuna culture has undergone a revival , as part of which the town was renamed Dangriga , a Garífuna word meaning `` standing waters '' .
PL teaches that `` Life is Art '' and that humans are born to express their own unique individuality in everything they do - `` creating true art '' .
To assist them in improving their lives and overcoming hardships , church members are taught why they have these problems and are guided in solving them by the Patriarch ( known as oshieoya-sama ` teacher-parent ' ) and church ministers .
Historically , after the Meiji Restoration , Hyūga Province was renamed Miyazaki Prefecture .
Miyazaki Prefecture ( 宮崎県 , Miyazaki-ken ? )
Miyazaki Prefecture is located on the eastern coast of the island of Kyushu .
is a prefecture of Japan located on the island of Kyushu .
It is one of only two locations on Earth where the fungus Chorioactis geaster is found .
Harbaugh was a quarterback in the National Football League , and is currently the head coach of the NFL 's San Francisco 49ers .
In 1990 , Harbaugh played and started in the first 14 games of the season .
After kissing a prince who has been turned into a frog by an evil witch doctor , Tiana becomes a frog herself , and must find a way to turn back into a human before it is too late .
Set in 1920s New Orleans , Louisiana , the film tells the story of a hardworking waitress named Tiana who dreams of owning her own restaurant .
The 49th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film is loosely based on the novel The Frog Princess by E. D. Baker , which is in turn based on the Brothers Grimm fairy tale `` The Frog Prince '' .
The Princess and the Frog is a 2009 American traditionally animated musical fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
The film premiered in theaters with a limited run in New York and Los Angeles beginning on November 25 , 2009 , followed by wide release on December 11 , 2009 .
Hippolytus of Rome knew Sabellius personally and mentioned him in the Philosophumena .
One author has described Sabellius ' teaching thus : The true question , therefore , turns on this , viz. , what is it which constitutes what we name ` person ' in the Godhead ?
Tertullian seems to suggest that the majority of believers at that time favored the Sabellian view of the oneness of God .
Modalism has been mainly associated with Sabellius , who taught a form of it in Rome in the 3rd century .
The former Sabellius denied ; the latter he fully admitted .
Or does it belong to and arise from the exhibitions and developments which the divine Being has made of himself to his creatures ?
The following excerpts which demonstrate some of the known doctrinal characteristics of ancient Sabellians may be seen to compare with the doctrines in the modern Oneness movement : Sabellianism was doctrine adhered to by a sect of the Montanists .
Sabellianism was also referred to by the following Church fathers : Sabellianism teaching of Modalism and singular name baptism was also accompanied by glossolalia and prophecy among the abovementioned sect of Montanists .
Is it original , substantial , essential to divinity itself ?
Oneness Pentecostalism teaches that God is one Person , and that the Father ( a spirit ) is united with Jesus ( a man ) as the Son of God .
Historic Sabellianism taught that God the Father was the only true existence of the Godhead , a belief known as Monarchianism .
It is easy to suppose Tertullian and Hippolytus misrepresented the opinions of their opponents .
He knew Sabellius disliked Trinitarian theology , yet he called Modal Monarchism the heresy of Noetus , not that of Sabellius .
All of his original works were burned .
Epiphanius ( Haeres 62 ) about 375 notes that the adherents of Sabellius were still to be found in great numbers , both in Mesopotamia and at Rome .
The number three is never mentioned in relation to God in scripture , which of course is the number that is central to the word `` Trinity '' .
Sabellianism has been rejected by the majority of Christian churches in favor of Trinitarianism , which was eventually defined as three distinct , co-equal , co-eternal persons by the Athanasian Creed late in the 4th century .
It is important to note that our only sources extant for our understanding of Sabellianism are from their detractors .
The first general council at Constantinople in 381 in canon VII and the third general council at Constantinople in 680 in canon XCV declared the baptism of Sabellius to be invalid , which indicates that Sabellianism was still extant .
In Christianity , Sabellianism ( also known as modalism , modalistic monarchianism , or modal monarchism ) is the nontrinitarian belief that the Heavenly Father , Resurrected Son and Holy Spirit are different modes or aspects of one monadic God , as perceived by the believer , rather than three distinct persons within the Godhead .
Sabellianism was embraced by Christians in Cyrenaica , to whom Demetrius , Patriarch of Alexandria , wrote letters arguing against this belief .
The only possible exceptions to this are the Great Commission Matthew 28:16 -20 , 2 Corinthians 13:14 , and the Comma Johanneum , which many regard as a spurious text passage in First John ( 1 John 5:7 ) known primarily from the King James Version and some versions of the Textus Receptus but not included in modern critical texts .
Modalists note that the only number ascribed to God in the Holy Bible is One and that there is no inherent threeness ascribed to God explicitly in scripture .
Shales and mudrocks contain roughly 95 percent of the organic matter in all sedimentary rocks .
Shales are typically deposited in very slow moving water and are often found in lakes and lagoonal deposits , in river deltas , on floodplains and offshore from beach sands .
Mudstones , on the other hand , are similar in composition but do not show the fissility .
However , this amounts to less than one percent by mass in an average shale .
They can also be deposited on the continental shelf , in relatively deep , quiet water .
Shale is characterized by breaks along thin laminae or parallel layering or bedding less than one centimeter in thickness , called fissility .
` Black shales ' are dark , as a result of being especially rich in unoxidized carbon .
The ratio of clay to other minerals is variable .
Some black shales contain abundant heavy metals such as molybdenum , uranium , vanadium , and zinc .
Shale is a fine-grained , clastic sedimentary rock composed of mud that is a mix of flakes of clay minerals and tiny fragments ( silt-sized particles ) of other minerals , especially quartz and calcite .
Shale is the most common sedimentary rock .
Common in some Paleozoic and Mesozoic strata , black shales were deposited in anoxic , reducing environments , such as in stagnant water columns .
Russell joined the Socialist Party of America in 1908 .
Russell subsequently became an editorial writer for social democratic magazine The New Leader .
Russell was the Socialist candidate for Governor of New York in 1910 and 1912 , and for U.S. Senator from New York in 1914 .
The author of a number of books of biography and social commentary , in 1928 he won a Pulitzer Prize for The American Orchestra and Theodore Thomas .
His father , Edward Russell , was a newspaper editor at the Davenport Gazette , and a noted abolitionist .
Charles Edward Russell was born September 25 , 1860 , in Davenport , Iowa , a transportation center located on the Mississippi River on the far Eastern border of the state .
Russell played himself in the 1917 film The Fall of the Romanoffs , a dramatization of the Russian revolution and the influence of Rasputin on the Russian royal family .
Charles Edward Russell ( 1860 - 1941 ) was an American journalist , opinion columnist , newspaper editor , and political activist .
Charles attended St. Johnsbury Academy , located in St. Johnsbury , Vermont , for his high school education and also worked under his father while at the newspaper .
Russell served and participated on the board of directors for the NAACP for the remainder of his life .
Only one species , Rapetosaurus krausei , has been identified .
An adult would have been about twice as long ( 15 metres ( 49 ft ) in length ) which is still less than half the length of its gigantic kin , like Argentinosaurus and Paralititan .
The juvenile specimen measured 8 metres ( 26 ft ) from head to tail , and `` probably weighed about as much as an elephant '' , according to Kristina Curry Rogers .
The titanosaurs were the dominant herbivores of the Late Cretaceous on the southern continents .
Like other sauropods , Rapetosaurus was a quadrupedal herbivore ; it is calculated to have reached lengths of 15 metres ( 49 ft ) .
Rapetosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived in Madagascar from 70 to 66 million years ago , at the end of the Cretaceous Period .
Their reign was cut short by the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event , which killed almost all the dinosaurs about 66 million years ago .
He traveled extensively over a period of forty years , investigating three thousand cases of children around the world who claimed to remember past lives .
Canberra Airport is managed and operated by the Canberra Airport Group Pty Ltd. .
In 1962 the military side of the airport was renamed RAAF Base Fairbairn .
Canberra International Airport ( IATA : CBR , ICAO : YSCB ) , now trading as Canberra Airport , is the airport serving Australia 's capital city , Canberra , and the city of Queanbeyan , NSW .
On 13 August 1940 , in what became known as the Canberra air disaster , a RAAF Lockheed Hudson flying from Melbourne crashed into a small hill to the east of the airport .
Air Pacific briefly offered a service to Fiji for six months in 2004 .
In early December 2007 , plans were announced to construct a new terminal , but these plans were placed on hold in late 2008 due to the global financial crisis .
The land is currently divided into four areas : The airport was built up from an old airstrip that was first laid down in the 1920s , not long after the National Capital site was decided .
Until the airline 's collapse in 2013 , the airport was the main base for Brindabella Airlines .
Four crew and six passengers , including the Chief of the General Staff and three Federal Government ministers , were killed in the accident .
It was decommissioned as a RAAF base in 2003 , ( although No. 34 Squadron RAAF remains based there ) , and the RAAF area was renamed Defense Establishment Fairbairn .
Located at the eastern edge of North Canberra , it is the 8th busiest airport in Australia .
James Fairbairn , Minister for Air and Civil Aviation , was one of those killed and Fairbairn Airbase , the eastern component of the airport , was subsequently named after him .
The lease to the site was sold to Canberra International Airport Pty Ltd in 1998 , and the RAAF area was sub-leased back to the Department of Defense .
The North-East quadrant of the airport still retains the Fairbairn name .
The airport is located at the intersection of Canberra 's main east-west artery ( Parkes Way\/Pialligo Avenue ) and eastern ring road ( Monaro Highway\/Majura Road ) near the semi-rural suburb of Pialligo about 8-10 minutes ' drive from the city center , 15 minutes from Gungahlin and 10 minutes from Queanbeyan at non-peak times ; travel times can be much longer at peak times due to traffic congestion .
In 1939 it was taken over by the RAAF , with an area leased out for civil aviation .
Canberra Airport handled 3,240,848 passengers in financial year 2011 .
The names for the region in the various local languages all translate to `` mountainous Karabakh '' , or `` mountainous black garden '' : Nagorno-Karabakh is often referred to by the Armenians living in the area as Artsakh ( Armenian : Արցախ ) , designating the 10th province of the ancient Kingdom of Armenia .
From there travelers visited Holland and Flanders ( with more gallery-going and art appreciation ) before returning across the Channel to England .
From Venice the traveler went to Rome to study the ruins of ancient Rome , and the masterpieces of painting , sculpture , and architecture of Rome 's Early Christian , Renaissance , and Baroque periods .
From Paris he would typically go to urban Switzerland for a while , often to Geneva ( the cradle of the Protestant Reformation ) or Lausanne .
The most common itinerary of the Grand Tour shifted across generations in the cities it embraced , but the British tourist usually began in Dover , England and crossed the English Channel to Ostend , in the Spanish Netherlands\/Belgium , or to Calais or Le Havre in France .
From here the traveler traversed the Alps heading north through to the German-speaking parts of Europe .
From there the traveler would endure a difficult crossing over the Alps into northern Italy ( such as at the Great St Bernard Pass ) , which included dismantling the carriage and luggage .
Some travelers also visited Naples to study music , and ( after the mid-18th century ) to appreciate the recently discovered archaeological sites of Herculaneum and Pompeii , and perhaps ( for the adventurous ) an ascent of Mount Vesuvius .
Once in Italy , the tourist would visit Turin ( and , less often , Milan ) , then might spend a few months in Florence , where there was a considerable Anglo-Italian society accessible to traveling Englishmen `` of quality '' and where the Tribuna of the Uffizi gallery brought together in one space the monuments of High Renaissance paintings and Roman sculptures that would inspire picture galleries adorned with antiquities at home , with side trips to Pisa , then move on to Padua , Bologna , and Venice .
From there the tourist , usually accompanied by a tutor ( known colloquially as a `` bear-leader '' ) and ( if wealthy enough ) a troop of servants , could rent or acquire a coach ( which could be resold in any city or disassembled and packed across the Alps , as in Giacomo Casanova 's travels , who resold it on completion ) , or opt to make the trip by boat as far as the Alps , either traveling up the Seine to Paris , or up the Rhine to Basel .
Helen Hayes Brown ( October 10 , 1900 - March 17 , 1993 ) was an American actress whose career spanned almost 80 years .
Helen Hayes was born in Washington D.C. on October 10 , 1900 .
Her sound film debut was The Sin of Madelon Claudet , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress .
She attended the Academy of the Sacred Heart Convent in Washington and graduated in 1917 .
Her father , Francis van Arnum Brown , worked at a number of jobs , including as a clerk at the Washington Patent Office and as a manager and salesman for a wholesale butcher .
By the age of ten , she had made a short film called Jean and the Calico Doll , but moved to Hollywood only when her husband , playwright Charles MacArthur , signed a Hollywood deal .
She eventually garnered the nickname `` First Lady of the American Theatre '' and was one of twelve people who have won an Emmy , a Grammy , an Oscar and a Tony Award ( an EGOT ) .
Hayes also received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , America 's highest civilian honor , from President Ronald Reagan in 1986 .
and Hedda Gabler .
In 1986 , he moved with his first wife to Jacksonville , Florida .
He co-starred with Kate Burton in both Give Me Your Answer , Do !
In 1999 , he played the role of Willie Oban in The Iceman Cometh with Kevin Spacey .
Unable to find acting work , he took retail jobs and worked as a freelance illustrator .
In September 2001 , Emerson won an Emmy Award as `` Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series '' , for playing serial killer William Hinks in several episodes of The Practice .
In 1998 , he performed opposite Uma Thurman in the off-Broadway production of Le Misanthrope .
Emerson got a starring role in 1997 as Oscar Wilde in Moises Kaufman 's critically acclaimed off-Broadway play Gross Indecency : The Three Trials of Oscar Wilde , and then followed up with several other notable stage performances .
In 1976 , after graduating from Drake University in Des Moines , Iowa , where he studied theater and art , and a semester ( Fall 1975 ) at the National Theater Institute at The Eugene O'Neill Theater Center , he moved to New York City .
Emerson was originally set to appear in a small number of episodes , then returned for Season 3 as a main cast member and eventually became a main antagonist of the program .
In 2006 , Emerson began a guest-star role as Benjamin Linus on the serial drama television series Lost .
Emerson considered a career in acting in favor of more stable work as a teacher .
Margaret Mackall Smith `` Peggy '' Taylor ( September 21 , 1788 - August 14 , 1852 ) , wife of Zachary Taylor , was First Lady of the United States from 1849 to 1850 .
While visiting her sister in Kentucky in 1809 , she was introduced to Lieutenant Zachary Taylor , then home on leave , by Dr. Alexander Duke .
In an attempt to stop them , one of Jesus ' disciples uses a sword to cut off the ear of a man in the crowd .
Many tree frogs can change their color for better camouflage .
They do not normally descend to the ground , except to mate and spawn , though some build foam nests on leaves and rarely leave the trees at all as adults .
While some reach 10 cm ( 4 in ) or more , they are typically smaller and more slender than terrestrial frogs .
Tree frogs are usually tiny , as their weight has to be carried by the branches and twigs in their habitats .
The genus Chiromantis of the Rhacophoridae is most extreme in this respect : it can oppose two fingers to the other two , resulting in a vise-like grip .
Tree frogs typically have well-developed discs at the finger and toe tips ; the fingers and toes themselves , as well as the limbs , tend to be rather small , resulting in a superior grasping ability .
There are two cover songs on the album ; `` Swallow My Pride '' is a Green River cover and `` Fopp '' is an Ohio Players cover .
The album combines the band 's first two studio EPs : Screaming Life ( 1987 ) and Fopp ( 1988 ) .
It was originally released on May 11 , 1990 through Sub Pop Records .
All lyrics written by Chris Cornell , all music composed by Kim Thayil , except where noted .
Screaming Life\/Fopp is an album by the American rock band Soundgarden that combines their debut EPs in their entirety into a single release .
His first two operas , Almira and Nero , were produced in 1705 .
One of these , Zadok the Priest , has been played at every British coronation ceremony since .
In 1727 Handel was commissioned to write four anthems for the Coronation ceremony of King George II .
He produced two other operas , Daphne and Florindo , in 1708 .
In 1710 , Handel became Kapellmeister to German prince George , the Elector of Hanover , who in 1714 would become King George I of Great Britain and Ireland .
His funeral was given full state honors , and he was buried in Westminster Abbey .
Scipio , from which the regimental slow march of the British Grenadier Guards is derived , was performed as a stopgap , waiting for the arrival of Faustina Bordoni .
Rodrigo , his first all-Italian opera , was produced in the Cocomero theater in Florence in 1707 .
This house , where he rehearsed , copied music and sold tickets , is now the Handel House Museum .
His famous Dixit Dominus ( 1707 ) is from this era .
In Victorian era London , there lies the manor house located in the outskirts of the town of the illustrious Phantomhive earldom and its young master , Ciel Phantomhive .
She was also named `` One of the Best New Artists of 2006 '' by AOL and the `` Top Songwriter of 2006 '' by ASCAP .
Her solo debut album , LeToya ( 2006 ) , topped the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart in July 2006 , and was certified platinum by the RIAA in December 2006 .
LeToya Nicole Luckett ( born March 11 , 1981 ) , known professionally as LeToya , is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
The single , `` Torn '' , achieved records on BET 's top ten countdown show 106 & Park .
After several auditions , Naty Quinones and Tiffany Beaudoin were selected as members .
However , the production company ( 581 Entertainment ) which handled the group collapsed and all the members of Anjel went on to pursue solo projects .
Luckett 's second solo album was released on 25 August 2009 Production for Lady Love originally began in 2007 , with a release scheduled several times in 2008 .
She was an original member of the R&B group Destiny 's Child , with whom she won two Grammy Awards and released many successful commercial recordings .
She began her solo career after signing a record deal with Capitol Records .
Wind energy is the kinetic energy of air in motion , also called wind .
The desire for sex is wired deep into the brain of all human beings as glands secrete hormones that travel through the blood to the brain and stimulates the onset of sexual desire .
The treat motivates the animals to perform the trick consistently , even later when the treat is removed from the process .
A drive or desire can be described as a deficiency or need that activates behavior that is aimed at a goal or an incentive .
For example , hunger is a motivation that elicits a desire to eat .
By contrast , the role of extrinsic rewards and stimuli can be seen in the example of training animals by giving them treats when they perform a trick correctly .
These drives are thought to originate within the individual and may not require external stimuli to encourage the behavior .
They speak a Finnic language known as Estonian .
Although Estonia is traditionally grouped as one of the Baltic countries , Estonians are linguistically unrelated to the Baltic peoples of Latvia and Lithuania .
Estonians ( Estonian : eestlased ) are a Finnic people related to the Finns and inhabiting , primarily , the country of Estonia .
Francis Michael Gough ( \/ ˈɡɒf \/ GOF ; 23 November 1916 - 17 March 2011 ) was a British character actor who made over 150 film and television appearances .
Gough was one of two actors to have appeared in the four Batman films in the Burton\/Schumacher series ; the other actor was Pat Hingle ( as Commissioner Gordon ) .
Flerovium is the superheavy artificial chemical element with the symbol Fl and atomic number 114 .
In the periodic table of the elements , it is a transactinide element in the p-block .
The now-confirmed discovery of flerovium was made in June 1999 when the Dubna team repeated the first reaction from 1998 .
A chocolate chip cookie is a drop cookie that originated in the United States and features chocolate chips as its distinguishing ingredient .
The chocolate chip cookie was invented by Ruth Graves Wakefield .
They did not and the chocolate chip cookie was born .
The Gospel of Matthew begins with the words `` The Book of Genealogy ( in Greek , `` Genesis '' ) of Jesus Christ '' , deliberately echoing the words of Genesis 2:4 in the Old Testament in Greek .
A 25th anniversary special edition DVD , featuring a remastered version of the film and a disc of extras , was released on October 10 , 2006 .
On a hill Vixey joins Tod as he looks down on the homes of Copper and Tweed .
The novel was mainly about Tod 's life in the woods .
On May 2 , 2000 , it was released to Region 1 DVD for the first time under the `` Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection '' .
Its first home video release , on VHS format , came on March 4 , 1994 as the last video of the `` Walt Disney Classics '' collection ( it was not included in the `` Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection '' ) .
A direct-to-video midquel , The Fox and the Hound 2 , was released to DVD on December 12 , 2006 .
Meanwhile , Tweed 's neighbor , Amos Slade , brings home a young hound puppy named Copper and introduces him to his hunting dog Chief .
While he was raised by humans he was not childhood friends with Copper and none of the animals spoke .
It was re-released to theaters on March 25 , 1988 .
Copper , before resting , smiles as he remembers the day when he became friends with Tod .
While playing with Copper at his home , Tod awakens Chief .
The film is directed by Ted Berman and Richard Rich and features the voices of Kurt Russell , Mickey Rooney , Pearl Bailey , Pat Buttram , Sandy Duncan , Richard Bakalyan , Paul Winchell , Jack Albertson , Jeanette Nolan , John Fiedler , John McIntire , Keith Coogan , and Corey Feldman .
At home , Tweed nurses Slade back to health while the dogs rest .
Tod and Copper become playmates , and vow to remain `` friends forever '' .
The Fox and the Hound opened in theaters on July 10 , 1981 .
Daniel Mannix 's novel The Fox and the Hound dealt with the quest of a hunter and his dog Copper to shoot Tod after he killed the hunter 's new dog Chief .
Slade and Chief chase him until they are confronted by Tweed .
Copper and Slade blame Tod for the accident and swear vengeance .
The story was changed to make it more suitable for a family film ; instead of a story about the life and death of a fox , it became a parable about how society determines one 's role despite his or her better impulses .
Slade trips and gets caught in one of his traps , dropping his gun slightly out of reach .
The Fox and the Hound is a 1981 American animated film loosely based on the Daniel P. Mannix novel of the same name , produced by Walt Disney Productions and released in the United States on July 10 , 1981 .
After a brief argument , Slade says that he will kill Tod if he enters his farm again .
Copper lets Tod go then diverts Chief and Slade .
Meanwhile , Big Mama explains to Tod that his friendship with Copper can not continue , as they are natural enemies , but Tod refuses to accept this .
When Slade appears , ready to fire at Tod , Copper , having realized that Tod is truly his friend , positions in front of Tod , and refuses to move away .
The 24th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film tells the story of two unlikely friends , a red fox named Tod and a hound dog named Copper , who struggle to preserve their friendship despite their emerging instincts and the surrounding social pressures demanding them to be adversaries .
Months pass , and both Tod and Copper reach adulthood .
After a young red fox is orphaned , Big Mama the owl , Boomer the woodpecker , and Dinky the finch arrange for him to be adopted by Widow Tweed .
Tweed names him Tod , since he reminds her of a toddler .
Tweed , now realizing that her pet is no longer safe with her , leaves him at a game preserve .
The two basic kinds of cards in Magic are `` spells '' and `` lands '' .
A player starts the game with twenty `` life points '' and loses when he or she is reduced to zero .
At the end of a player 's turn , if that player has more than seven cards in hand , the player discards until their hand contains seven cards .
Richard Garfield was a doctoral candidate at University of Pennsylvania when he first started to design the game .
Lands provide `` mana '' , or magical energy , which is used as magical fuel when the player attempts to cast spells .
Players begin the game by shuffling their decks and then drawing seven cards .
Players may only play one land per turn .
Magic : The Gathering ( MTG ; also known as Magic ) is a trading card game created by Richard Garfield and first published in 1993 by Wizards of the Coast .
An organized tournament system and a community of professional Magic players has developed , as has a secondary market for Magic cards .
More powerful spells cost more mana , so as the game progresses more mana becomes available , and the quantity and relative power of the spells played tends to increase .
Players draw one card at the beginning of each of their turns , except the first player on their first turn .
For the large majority of Christians , the Holy Spirit ( or Holy Ghost , from Old English gast , `` spirit '' ) is the third divine person of the Trinity : the `` Triune God '' manifested as Father , Son , and Holy Spirit ; each person itself being God .
Nakajima started his career in racing in 1996 , when he started karting .
Nakajima 's debut in a Formula One car came at Fuji Speedway during November 2006 , where he completed four demonstration laps in wet conditions .
Nakajima stayed in Japanese Formula Three for 2005 , finishing second .
In 2002 , Nakajima won a scholarship in Formula Toyota , which he became champion in a year later .
Nakajima also served as Williams ' test driver , completing 7,000 km of testing for the team .
Williams signed Rubens Barrichello and Nico Hülkenberg for 2010 , leaving Nakajima without a seat .
Nakajima 's first year in GP2 finished with no wins , but five consecutive podiums and ended the year as top rookie .
On 7 November it was confirmed by Williams that Nakajima would partner Rosberg at the Williams team for the 2008 season .
His father had been backed by Toyota 's arch-rivals Honda through his career .
His younger brother , Daisuke , is also a racing driver .
Nakajima was retained by Williams for the 2009 season .
He progressed onto Japanese Formula Three in 2004 , winning two of the 20 races and finishing fifth in the Drivers ' Championship .
Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota he would shield himself against any accusations that his father had promoted his career .
Nakajima is the son of the retired Formula One driver Satoru Nakajima .
Nakajima finished tenth in the race , setting the fifth fastest lap - quicker than his team-mate Nico Rosberg , who finished fourth .
At the 2009 Australian Grand Prix he crashed into the wall at turn six , putting him out of the race .
Kazuki Nakajima ( 中嶋 一貴 , Nakajima Kazuki ?
In Singapore , Nakajima made it to the third qualifying round for the first time qualifying 10th on the grid .
It was announced on 9 October 2007 that following the retirement of Alexander Wurz , Nakajima would race for Williams in the season finale in Brazil .
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate fastest lap ) ( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) \* Season in progress ( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate fastest lap ) \* Season in progress \* Season in progress .
The FIA subsequently ruled that Stefan GP could not be entered for the season at such a late stage , so Nakajima was left with no drive in Formula One for 2010 .
He dovetailed that championship with appearances in the Japanese GT300 sports car series , where he ended the year eighth .
He then finished seventh in the Spanish Grand Prix , having outqualified his teammate .
Nakajima was signed to drive for Stefan GP in 2010 , but the team was not accepted as an entrant in the Formula One world championship .
He also crashed on the penultimate lap of the Monaco Grand Prix whilst running in 10th place .
Nakajima scored another point at the 2008 British Grand Prix , after losing seventh place on the last lap .
Nakajima scored two points at Monaco where no Japanese Formula One driver had previously scored a point , and retired from the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix after hitting the pit wall when pitting for a new front wing .
Nakajima raced in the GP2 series in 2007 for the DAMS team alongside French 2005-06 A1 Grand Prix winner Nicolas Lapierre .
In November 2006 , Nakajima was named a Williams test driver for the 2007 season , alongside fellow test driver Narain Karthikeyan and race drivers Nico Rosberg and Alexander Wurz , targeting a race seat in 2008 .
Prior to that he had been their test driver , as well as a competitor in the GP2 Series for the DAMS team .
Stefan duly confirmed on 19 February 2010 that Nakajima was one of the team 's drivers , although the team did not have an entry to the 2010 Formula One season .
The pa is an elegant minimalist notation for the two-element Boolean algebra 2 .
Since then , music publishers only have to submit copies to DMA , which covers both national archiving and copyright registration .
As a result there were two libraries in Germany , which assumed the duties and function of a national library for the later GDR and the Federal Republic of Germany , respectively .
Coordinates : 51 ° 19 ′ 20.44 ″ N 12 ° 23 ′ 48.11 ″ E \/ 51.3223444 ° N 12.3966972 ° E \/ 51.3223444 ; 12.3966972 ( German National Library , Leipzig Building ) The main building of the German National Library in Leipzig was built 1914-1916 after plans of the architect Oskar Pusch .
In July 2000 , the DMA also assumed the role as repository for GEMA , Gesellschaft für musikalische Aufführungs - und mechanische Vervielfältigungsrechte , a German music copyright organization .
The Library began its work in the tobacco room of the former Rothschild library , which served the bombed university library as accommodation .
The central reading room contains a picture by Ludwig von Hofmann , depicting Arcadia in Art Nouveau-style .
The expansion of the collection brief to include online publications set the course for collecting , cataloguing and storing such publications as part of Germany 's cultural heritage .
On the facade , the portraits of Otto von Bismarck , Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Johannes Gutenberg are displayed .
A third facility , the Deutsches Musikarchiv Berlin ( founded 1970 ) , deals with all music-related archiving ( both printed and recorded materials ) .
Publishers of printed and recorded music in Germany are required by law ( since 1973 ) to deliver two copies of every edition to the archive .
The US military government gave its approval .
For example , it is the leading partner in developing and maintaining bibliographic rules and standards in Germany and plays a significant role in the development of international library standards .
The city of Frankfurt agreed to support the planned archive library with personnel and financial resources .
The 210,000 works of printed music previously held by GEMA were transferred to DMA .
Statues represent Technology , Justice , Philosophy , Medicine etc. .
The Library 's highest management body , the Administrative Council , was expanded to include two MPs from the Bundestag .
The Federal state representatives of the book trade in the American zone agreed to the proposal .
In 1946 Dr. Georg Kurt Schauer , Heinrich Cobet , Vittorio Klostermann and Professor Hanns Wilhelm Eppelsheimer , director of the Frankfurt University Library , initiated the re-establishment of a German archive library based in Frankfurt .
The German National Library maintains co-operative external relations on a national and international level .
In 1912 , the town of Leipzig , seat of the annual Leipzig Book Fair , the Kingdom of Saxony and the Börsenverein der Deutschen Buchhändler ( Association of German booksellers ) agreed to found a German National Library in Leipzig .
In the same year , Dr. Gustav Wahl was elected as the first director .
Formerly situated in Berlin 's Lichterfelde , the DMA constitutes a department of the German National Library ( Deutsche Nationalbibliothek ) .
The cooperation with publishers is regulated by law since 1935 for the Deutsche Bücherei Leipzig and since 1969 for the Deutsche Bibliothek Frankfurt .
The impressive facade is 160 m long and faces the `` Deutscher Platz '' ( German Plaza ) .
The `` Law regarding the German National Library '' came into force on 29 June 2006 .
Starting January 1 , 1913 , all publications in German were systematically collected ( including books from Austria and Switzerland ) .
Duties are shared between the facilities in Leipzig and Frankfurt am Main , with each center focusing its work in specific specialty areas .
The law also changed the name of the library and its buildings in Leipzig , Frankfurt am Main and Berlin to `` Deutsche Nationalbibliothek '' .
The building was opened on October 19 , 1916 , one day after the Monument to the Battle of the Nations .
The site of the library had been donated by the city of Leipzig , while Friedrich August III , King of Saxony provided the funds for the building .
Construction work began in 2006 and was completed in 2009 .
After the failure of the revolution the library was abandoned and the stock of books already in existence was stored at the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg .
The DMA moved to Leipzig in 2010 , to be housed in an extension of the Deutsche Nationalbibliothek .
Its task is to collect , permanently archive , comprehensively document and record bibliographically all German and German-language publications since 1913 , foreign publications about Germany , translations of German works , and the works of German-speaking emigrants published abroad between 1933 and 1945 , and to make them available to the public .
With the reunification of Germany on 3 October 1990 , the Deutsche Bücherei Leipzig and the Deutsche Bibliothek Frankfurt am Main were merged into a new institution , The German Library ( Die Deutsche Bibliothek ) .
It is a Federal agency founded in 1970 , tasked with collecting all music published in the country .
Its precursor was the Deutsche Musik-Phonothek ( 1961-1969 ) .
The German National Library ( German : Deutsche Nationalbibliothek or DNB ) is the central archival library and national bibliographic center for the Federal Republic of Germany .
One copy is kept at the DMA in Berlin , the second is deposited in the music collection of the German National Library in Leipzig .
Two national bibliographic catalogues almost identical in content were published annually .
The Library also contains a museum for books and letters .
Applicable locations are listed on the event 's specific article .
The Allan Cup is the trophy awarded annually to the national senior amateur men 's ice hockey champions of Canada .
-LCB- \* -RCB- denotes event held in multiple locations .
In 1958 , Emerson left the show to star in a play and was replaced by actress Betsy Palmer .
GSN ran a revival from April 17 , 2006 to June 9 , 2006 with an all-gay panel .
He would then ask them to `` whisper your secret to me , and we 'll show it to the folks at home . ''
The panelists on this revival were Richard Dawson , Henry Morgan , New York-based entertainment critic Pat Collins , and Elaine Joyce .
Moore was replaced by Steve Allen on September 21 , 1964 .
Secrets were always intended to be unusual , amazing , embarrassing or humorous .
Regular panelists on this version included Jim J. Bullock , Jason Kravits , Amy Yasbeck , and Teri Garr .
These demonstrations sometimes included the host , and occasionally one or more of the panelists .
The show was originally hosted by radio and television personality Garry Moore .
Former panelist Bill Cullen hosted the show for its brief 1976 CBS summer run .
The host would then select a panelist to begin questioning .
At various times , guest hosts substituted for Moore , including panelists Morgan and Palmer , among others .
, though sometimes they would say `` and this is I 've Got a Secret ! ''
On each typical episode , a celebrity guest came on the show with a secret .
The GSN version was hosted by Bil Dwyer and , unlike the earlier versions , featured a permanent panel that appeared on each episode , consisting of Billy Bean , Frank DeCaro , Jermaine Taylor , and Suzanne Westenhoefer .
The celebrity usually opened the episode by coming out from the behind the curtain and saying `` my name is ( Name ) and I 've Got a Secret ! ''
I 've Got a Secret is a panel game show produced by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman for CBS television .
The version seen on Oxygen was hosted by Stephanie Miller until August 2001 .
Moore left the show after the 1963-64 season , after his comedy program The Garry Moore Show was canceled .
Another production ran on the Oxygen cable channel in a daily version , with original episodes airing from 2000 through 2001 .
After several months of an ever-changing panel , game show host Bill Cullen , acerbic comedian Henry Morgan , TV hostess Faye Emerson , and actress Jayne Meadows became the four regular panelists .
In October 2006 , GSN opted not to renew the show for a second season , although reruns remained on its schedule for some time afterward .
Created by comedy writers Allan Sherman and Howard Merrill , it was a derivative of Goodson-Todman 's own panel show What 's My Line ?
Each round was a guessing game where the panel tried to determine a contestant 's `` secret '' .
When the show debuted , each panelist had 15 seconds of questioning at a time , running through the panel twice , in order .
The following year , Meadows relocated to the West Coast and was replaced by former Miss America Bess Myerson .
Then the host would give the panel a clue , for example , `` the secret concerns something that happened to ( Contestant 's Name ) . ''
They commonly included such types as something which happened to a person , owning something , or an occupation , hobby , achievement or skill .
The show was revived for the 1972-1973 season in once-a-week syndication and again from June 15 to July 6 , 1976 , for a Summer run .
Beyond the standard celebrity guest spots , a number of notable people appeared with secrets including Colonel Harland Sanders ( `` I started my restaurant with my first Social Security check '' ) , drummer Pete Best ( `` I used to be one of The Beatles '' ) , and a 95-year-old man named Samuel J. Seymour who was the last surviving eyewitness to Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ( he was five years old at the time ) .
The original version of I 've Got a Secret premiered on June 19 , 1952 and ran until April 3 , 1967 .
The contestant would then ostensibly whisper their secret to the host , while the audience and viewers were shown the secret via text overlay on the screen .
Allen also hosted the show during the 1972 − 73 revival .
Increasingly later in the run , the panelists were sometimes buzzed out when they were getting too close to the secret , were suspected to be about to get it , or simply at a point that would get a laugh ; this was precipitated in part by the fact that , like What 's My Line , the top payoff never increased with inflation , and the money eventually became somewhat secondary to the gameplay , with the cash awards not even mentioned at all by the end of the series .
Additionally , other comedians and celebrities appeared as guests on the panel when others were away .
The host would introduce the contestant or ask their name and hometown .
The guest would simply come out with a challenge for the panel ; sometimes ostensibly related to the guest or their current project , but other times not related to the guest at all .
Several of these challenges predated future game shows which used the same concepts , such as a game in which Woody Allen challenged the panel to guess words based on definitions written by children , which became the basis for Child 's Play , and a pair of segments with Peter Falk and Soupy Sales in which the panel had to identify celebrities based on a series of photos starting with infancy and progressing older .
One or more contestants would enter .
The concept of a `` secret '' was fairly wide reaching .
Early in the show 's run , the celebrities would indeed have actual personal secrets similar to the other contestants .
Later , Ronald Fisher and J.B.S. Haldane showed that discrete mutations were compatible with gradual evolution : see the modern evolutionary synthesis .
Bateson first used the term `` genetics '' publicly at the Third International Conference on Plant Hybridization in London in 1906 .
Bateson co-discovered genetic linkage with Reginald Punnett , and he and Punnett founded the Journal of Genetics in 1910 .
Bateson also coined the term `` epistasis '' to describe the genetic interaction of two independent traits .
Although this was three years before Wilhelm Johannsen used the word `` gene '' to describe the units of hereditary information , De Vries had introduced the word `` pangene '' for the same concept already in 1889 , and etymologically the word genetics has parallels with Darwin 's concept of pangenesis .
He was the first person to use the term genetics to describe the study of heredity and biological inheritance , and the chief populariser of the ideas of Gregor Mendel following their rediscovery in 1900 by Hugo de Vries and Carl Correns .
William Bateson ( Robin Hood 's Bay , 8 August 1861 - 8 February 1926 ) was an English geneticist and a Fellow of St. John 's College , Cambridge .
Bateson first suggested using the word `` genetics '' ( from the Greek gennō , γεννώ ; `` to give birth '' ) to describe the study of inheritance and the science of variation in a personal letter to Alan Sedgwick ( not the Adam Sedgwick ( 1785-1873 ) who had been Darwin 's professor ) , dated 18 April 1905 .
It also had religious and strategic importance to the Armenians , housing the Ghazanchetsots Cathedral , the church of Kanach Zham , two other churches , a monastic convent , and serving ( along with Lachin district to the west ) as a land link to Armenia .
The city was also a major center of Armenian cultural and economic life until the closing years of World War I. Along with Tbilisi ; it was one of the two main Armenian cities of the Transcaucasus and the center of a self-governing Armenian principality from medieval times through the 1750s .
On May 9 , 1992 the town was captured by Armenian forces and the Azeri population fled .
Other sources suggest that Shusha served as a town and an ancient fortress in the Armenian principality of Varanda during the Middle Ages and through the 18th century .
Thus , Panahabad-Shusha was founded .
Shusha ( Azerbaijani : Şuşa ) , or Shushi ( Armenian : Շուշի ) , is a town in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh in the South Caucasus .
In abstract algebra , a magma ( or groupoid ; not to be confused with groupoids in category theory ) is a basic kind of algebraic structure .
Specifically , a magma consists of a set equipped with a single binary operation .
Wagner was one of nine children .
Cobb himself called Wagner `` maybe the greatest star ever to take the diamond . ''
Wagner dropped out of school at age twelve to help his father and brothers in the coal mines .
Although Cobb is frequently cited as the greatest player of the dead-ball era , some contemporaries regarded Wagner as the better all-around player , and most baseball historians consider Wagner to be the greatest shortstop ever .
Honus ' brother Albert `` Butts '' Wagner was considered the ballplayer of the family .
He played in the National League from 1897 to 1917 , almost entirely for the Pittsburgh Pirates .
Wagner won eight batting titles , tied for the most in NL history with Tony Gwynn .
In their free time , he and his brothers played sandlot baseball and developed their skills to such an extent that three of his brothers went on to become professionals as well .
Johannes Peter `` Honus '' Wagner ( \/ ˈhɒnəs ˈwæɡnər \/ ; February 24 , 1874 - December 6 , 1955 ) , nicknamed `` The Flying Dutchman '' due to his superb speed and German heritage ( `` Dutch '' in this instance being an alteration of `` Deutsch '' ) , was an American Major League Baseball shortstop .
In his first year , Honus played for five teams .
He also led the league in slugging six times , and in stolen bases five times .
In 1936 , the Baseball Hall of Fame inducted Wagner as one of the first five members .
The next year , Honus hit .375 in 74 games played .
Wagner was born to German immigrants Peter and Katheryn Wagner in the Chartiers neighborhood of Pittsburgh , which is now a part of the borough of Carnegie , Pennsylvania .
It is named after German mathematician Bernhard Riemann .
In mathematics , a Riemann sum is an approximation of the area of a region , often the region underneath a curve .
In Mississippi , Governor Haley Barbour declared a state of emergency .
Prior to the storm 's development , several oil and gas companies removed unneeded workers from offshore oil platforms in the northern Gulf of Mexico ; Shell Oil Company evacuated about 700 employees , while Noble Energy removed its workforce of about 300 people from two oil rigs .
Officials in New Orleans opened three emergency shelters , citing the potential need of shelter for citizens in about 17,000 FEMA trailers after Hurricane Katrina .
With 27.7 % of the daily crude oil production halted due to the depression , oil prices rose further after days of increasing levels , and on September 20 reached a record rate of over $ 84 per barrel .
The cyclone continued tracking northwestward , making landfall around 0000 UTC on September 22 near Fort Walton Beach , Florida , with winds of 35 mph ( 55 km\/h ) .
Elsewhere , rainfall totals reached 1.46 inches ( 37.1 mm ) in Albany , Georgia , and 0.51 inches ( 13 mm ) in Dothan , Alabama .
Due to the threat of the cyclone , Louisiana governor Kathleen Blanco declared a state of emergency and placed the state 's National Guard and other disaster services on reserve .
Officials ordered a mandatory evacuation for residents in shallow areas and in mobile homes for Jackson , Harrison , and Hancock counties .
Shortly thereafter , an inland tropical storm warning was issued for Pearl River , Walthall , and Pike counties in Mississippi and Washington Parish in Louisiana .
Outer rainbands began affecting coastal sections of the Florida Panhandle by about 12 hours prior to the formation of the depression .
Additionally , the New Orleans National Weather Service issued a coastal flood watch for four parishes in southeastern Louisiana .
The system developed as a subtropical depression on September 21 in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico from the interaction of a tropical wave , the tail end of a cold front , and an upper-level low .
The tornado destroyed 20 homes , left 30 others severely damaged , injured one person , and caused power outages for about 300 people .
Despite an overall disorganized structure , with a poorly defined circulation and an upper-level low aloft , the National Hurricane Center initiated advisories on Subtropical Depression Ten at 1500 UTC on September 21 while it was located about 40 miles ( 60 km ) south of St. Vincent Island , Florida , citing `` the potential for additional development right along the coastline . ''
Waves of about 5 feet ( 1.5 m ) and rip currents were reported along the west coast of Florida .
The combination of wind shear and low-level helicity produced moderate convection across central Florida in association with the precursor low pressure system .
Tracking northwestward , the depression moved ashore near Fort Walton Beach early on September 22 and dissipated over southeastern Alabama shortly thereafter .
The cloud pattern deteriorated as it tracked inland , and 3 hours after it moved ashore the National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on the depression .
Coinciding with the first advisory on the depression , the National Hurricane Center issued a tropical storm warning from Apalachicola , Florida , westward to the mouth of the Mississippi River .
Late on September 20 , a supercell developed near Lake Apopka , and tracking quickly northward it spawned an EF1 tornado near Eustis ; the tornado tracked for 1.83 mi ( 2.94 km ) and reached winds of about 100 mph ( 160 km\/h ) .
The circulation became better defined as convection modestly increased over the center , and within six hours of its development the system transitioned into a tropical depression .
With a mid-level ridge to its northwest , the subtropical depression was anticipated to parallel the coastline of the Gulf Coast of the United States .
Tropical Depression Ten was a short-lived tropical cyclone that made landfall on the Florida Panhandle in September 2007 .
As a result , it was forecast to attain winds of 45 mph ( 75 km\/h ) and move ashore along southern Mississippi .
A reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on September 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern Gulf of Mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity .
Initially very disorganized , surface pressures gradually decreased across the region , with a weak low-pressure area developing on September 19 .
The upper-level low over the Florida Panhandle increased convection across the area , and on September 18 the system began crossing Florida .
Convection gradually became better organized , with a well-defined band in its eastern semicircle and intermittent thunderstorm activity near the center .
However , the precursor system spawned a damaging tornado in Eustis , Florida , where 20 houses were destroyed and 30 more were damaged .
The Nebula Award for Best Short Story is given each year for science fiction or fantasy short stories published in English or translated into English and released in the United States or on the internet during the previous calendar year .
The Nebula Awards are given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America ( SFWA ) for the best science fiction or fantasy fiction published in the United States during the previous year .
This one calls for porticoes , north and south , each with six fluted columns , of the `` Grecian Ionic Order ... the Entablature and Mouldings all to harmonize with it ... and proportioned after the order . ''
It is a contributing property to the Greensboro Historic District , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
W. E. Yerby , in his History of Greensboro , concluded that Magnolia Hall `` is indisputably one of the finest antebellum mansions in Alabama ... ( and ) a perfect example of late Greek Revival architecture . ''
It was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in late March 1936 .
The house was again sold in 2011 .
Greensboro became increasingly prosperous as part of the cotton boom of the mid-19th century .
In 1850 , William Murphy , a lawyer and legislator , sold a prime lot to David F. McCrary , a prominent cotton broker and planter who had originally come from North Carolina and married Elizabeth Cowan Lowry , daughter of a prominent Alabama family .
In addition there are double balconies of delicate iron grill work , and colored glass transoms around the doors .
The Alabama Beacon reported that the house cost $ 10,000 , a very large sum at the time .
Inside are large four over four rooms , 14 foot ceilings , chandelier medallions , and a grand mahogany railed staircase in the spacious hallway .
Magnolia Hall , also known as the McCrary-Otts House , is a historic Greek Revival mansion in Greensboro , Alabama .
Unlike many of his contemporaries , Mr. McCrary 's finances survived the War ; he opened the Greensboro Bank and Exchange in 1871 .
McCrary had Murphy 's house removed and hired the well known architect B.F. Parsons , originally from Massachusetts , to design a new mansion , which was completed in 1855 or shortly thereafter .
A detailed , twelve page building contract for Magnolia Hall was discovered by David Nelson , a McCrary descendant .
The term soprano may also be used to refer to a member of an instrumental family with the highest range such as the soprano saxophone .
In choral music , the term soprano refers to a vocal part or line and not a voice type .
( Mali is about 90 % Muslim . )
The original flag was adopted on April 4 , 1959 , when Mali joined the Mali Federation .
This flag was the same , except the golden stripe had a human stick figure , a kanaga , in black , with arms raised to the sky .
From the hoist ( the place where the flagpole meets the flag ) the colors are green , gold , and red , the pan-African colors .
The flag of Mali ( French : Drapeau du Mali ) is a tricolor with three equal vertical stripes .
The current flag was adopted on March 1 , 1961 .
Instead , he sent his toast by letter : Live free or die : Death is not the worst of evils .
`` Live Free or Die '' is the official motto of the U.S. state of New Hampshire , adopted by the state in 1945 .
The motto was enacted at the same time as the state emblem , on which it appears .
Poor health forced Stark to decline an invitation to an anniversary reunion of the Battle of Bennington .
The phrase comes from a toast written by General John Stark , New Hampshire 's most famous soldier of the American Revolutionary War , on July 31 , 1809 .
However , the extinct aurochs\/urus is a completely separate species from the still-extant wisent , also known as European bison .
This was the Republic Act 3134 , known as the City Charter of Lapu-Lapu which was signed on June 17 , 1961 by former Philippine President Carlos P. Garcia .
Politician Manuel A. Zosa , the representative of the Sixth District of Cebu , sponsored the Bill converting the former municipality of Opon into the present day City of Lapu-Lapu .
Mactan-Cebu International Airport , the second busiest airport in the Philippines , is located in Lapu-Lapu City .
It is part of the Cebu Metropolitan Area .
Lapu-Lapu City is politically subdivided into 30 barangays .
Augustinian friars founded the town of Opon in 1730 and became a city in 1961 .
In the 16th century Mactan Island was colonized by Spain .
The city is linked to Mandaue City on mainland Cebu by the Mactan-Mandaue Bridge and Marcelo Fernan Bridge .
The city occupies most of Mactan Island , a few kilometer off the main island of Cebu and also covers the Olango Island Group further to the southeast , plus a few other islets .
It was renamed after Datu Lapu-Lapu , the island 's chieftain who defeated Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan in 1521 in the Battle of Mactan , commemorated at the Lapu-Lapu shrine in Barangay Mactan .
TSN premiered in 1984 , as part of the first group of Canadian specialty cable channels .
TSN featured live professional wrestling in the form of World Wrestling Entertainment 's flagship show , WWE Raw for over a decade .
Lohan dated DJ Samantha Ronson in 2008 and 2009 .
Lohan 's second album , A Little More Personal ( Raw ) , was released in December 2005 .
Both of Lohan 's parents are of Irish and Italian descent ; she was raised as a Catholic .
ən \/ ; born Lindsay Dee Lohan ; July 2 , 1986 ) is an American actress , model and recording artist .
In February 2011 , Lohan was charged with the theft of a necklace reported stolen from a jewelry store the month before .
The music video for the album 's first single , `` Confessions of a Broken Heart ( Daughter to Father ) '' , was directed by Lohan and features her sister , Ali Lohan .
Universal Music was once the music company attached to film studio Universal Pictures .
UMG also owns Universal Music Publishing Group , which is the second largest music publishing company in the world .
MCA Inc. merged with American Decca in 1962 .
Afonso married Beatrice of Castile ( 1293-1359 ) in 1309 , daughter of Sancho IV , King of Castile , and María de Molina and had four sons and three daughters .
Afonso IV ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐˈfõsu ) ; 8 February 1291 - 28 May 1357 ) , called the Brave ( Portuguese : o Bravo ) , was King of Portugal and the Algarve from 1325 until his death .
He was the only legitimate son of King Denis of Portugal by his wife Elizabeth of Aragon .
Mellor won the first series of the BBC singing contest Comic Relief does Fame Academy in 2003 .
In October 2008 , he starred in The Prisoner , a documentary about prison life .
He met his wife , dancer Michelle McSween , when the pair starred in the stage musical Oh , What a Night in 1999 .
Mellor starred as `` Barmpot '' in the postal worker drama Sorted , and played DC Jed Griffiths in the second series of Murder Investigation Team .
He played Jack Vincent in Casualty from 2001 to 2003 , and starred as Gaz Wilkinson in the comedy Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps from 2001 to 2011 .
He also made an appearance in the music video for Boyzone 's Comic Relief single `` When the Going Gets Tough '' .
He released a cover of Leo Sayer 's `` When I Need You '' , which reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart , as well as a follow-up single called `` No Matter What I Do '' , which reached number 23 .
Mellor had a high-profile relationship with Coronation Street actress Angela Griffin .
In 2004 , he provided the voice for Georgie the dog in the CITV series Barking !
Mellor first came to the public 's attention in 1990 , when he played Ben Rowlingson in the children 's program Children 's Ward .
In 1995 , Mellor joined the cast of the soap opera Hollyoaks and played James `` Jambo '' Bolton until 1998 .
Mellor was a guest star in the BBC fantasy drama Merlin .
He made his EastEnders debut on 20 May 2007 , playing womanising salesman Warren Stamp .
Some clay deposits found in the process of exploring caves exhibit thixotropism : an initially solid-seeming mudbank will turn soupy and yield up moisture when dug into or otherwise disturbed .
Similarly , a lahar is a mass of earth liquefied by a volcanic event , which rapidly solidifies once coming to rest .
A thixotropic fluid is a fluid which takes a finite time to attain equilibrium viscosity when introduced to a step change in shear rate .
These clays were deposited in the past by low-velocity streams which tend to deposit fine-grained sediment .
Many gels and colloids are thixotropic materials , exhibiting a stable form at rest but becoming fluid when agitated .
Another example of a thixotropic fluid is the synovial fluid found in joints between some bones .
Constant shear stress can be applied by shaking or mixing .
Some fluids are anti-thixotropic : constant shear stress for a time causes an increase in viscosity or even solidification .
Honey from honey bees may also exhibit this property under certain conditions .
In more technical language : some non-Newtonian pseudoplastic fluids show a time-dependent change in viscosity ; the longer the fluid undergoes shear stress , the lower its viscosity .
Drilling muds used in geotechnical applications can be thixotropic .
They are much less common .
Some clays are thixotropic , with their behavior of great importance in structural and geotechnical engineering .
Landslides , such as those common in the cliffs around Lyme Regis , Dorset and in the Aberfan spoil tip disaster in Wales are evidence of this phenomenon .
( heather honey ) .
Certain gels or fluids that are thick ( viscous ) under static conditions will flow ( become thin , less viscous ) over time when shaken , agitated , or otherwise stressed .
In 2003 he wrote the book Mektig og avmektig : Tore Tønne , media og maktspillet bak kulissene , which followed Tore Tønne 's last days before his suicide .
He is the older brother of Jon Hippe , the current leader of Fafo .
Ivar Hippe ( born 19 March 1953 ) is a Norwegian political consultant , former journalist and presenter .
They usually include debris slides , debris flow , and failures of road cut-slopes .
Herbaceous plants may be annuals , biennials or perennials .
A herbaceous plant ( in American botanical use simply herb ) is a plant that has leaves and stems that die down at the end of the growing season to the soil level .
The Division of Wide Bay is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland .
Notable representatives have included three time Prime Minister Andrew Fisher .
The division was one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election .
FC Kuban ( Russian : Футбольный клуб '' Кубань '' Краснодар ) is a Russian football club based in Krasnodar .
As a result , Kuban , taking 15 place , left the Russian Premier League .
is a style of karate , developed from various martial arts by Gichin Funakoshi ( 1868-1957 ) and his son Gigo ( Yoshitaka ) Funakoshi ( 1906-1945 ) .
The South Australian Museum was one of the first public galleries to show his work , which it did in a 2007 exhibition .
The background is made up of pale yellows and oranges , and is covered with a complex network of thick , ivory-coloured lines .
With Donegan winning the award the year before , it was the second year in a row that an artist from the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands had won .
Examples of Minyintiri 's work are held in the National Gallery of Victoria , the Art Gallery of South Australia , the Art Gallery of New South Wales , the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art , and the National Gallery of Australia .
He paints songlines , or the journeys taken by the ancestral beings of his Dreaming country - such as the kanyaḻa ( euro ) , malu ( red kangaroo ) , wiilu ( stone-curlew ) , waru ( wallaby ) and kaḻaya ( emu ) .
Because of his old age , Minyintiri only paints six to eight artworks a year .
Minyintiri won the 28th NATSIAA in August 2011 , for his painting Kanyalakutjina ( `` Euro Tracks '' ) .
In 2010 , Minyintiri 's painting Malukutjina ( `` Red Kangaroo Tracks '' ) was chosen as a finalist for the 27th National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award .
Minyintiri began painting at Ernabella Arts in late 2005 .
He is said to be the oldest artist at Pukatja , and also the community 's most senior lawman ( a keeper of Tjukurpa or sacred knowledge ) .
The award was won by Jimmy Donegan , another Pitjantjatjara artist , from Kalka .
Dickie Minyintiri ( born c. 1915 ) is an Australian Aboriginal artist from Pukatja , South Australia .
The network of lines traces the tracks of ancestral spirits ( kangaroos , dogs and emu ) to important waterholes , where men also went for their ceremonies .
Minyintiri was about 96 at the time .
His work was compared to the early batik works of Emily Kngwarreye .
He began painting in 2005 , when he was about 90 years old .
His childhood was spent living nomadically in the desert with his family .
His work was chosen from over 300 entries , which had been reduced to 61 finalists .
Before he became a painter , Minyintiri crafted traditional wooden tools ( mostly spears ) .
Kanyalakutjina is a multi-layered synthetic painting , done on a large canvas .
Minyintiri was born into a Pitjantjatjara family some time around 1915 .
He was born in the bush at Pilpirinyi , Western Australia , near the border with South Australia .
His works have been shown in many group exhibitions since 2006 , in most major Australian cities .
Minyintiri originally painted on paper , but now paints on canvas .
Each layer and line is a memory of a journey Minyintiri has made .
The judges praised Minyintiri for his subtle use of color .
The painting is therefore a reflection of the artist 's years of traveling his country , and an expression of his ancestral relationship to the land .
His art is often also a reflection of his younger life in the desert , before settling permanently at Ernabella .
They camped for several years around the Musgrave Ranges near what would later become the settlement of Ernabella .
The painting depicts a sacred men 's ceremonial site near Pilpirinyi .
Flashes of blue , black and pink peep through the surface lines .
Most of Minyintiri 's paintings are done using synthetic polymer paint on canvases , although his earliest paintings were done on paper .
Their homelands were spread over a large area along the border , but they often traveled far to the east for ceremonies .
This was prior to the arrival of White people in the area ; the family had their first contact with Western civilisation in the 1920s , when Minyintiri was still a child .
The religious elements of his works are always obscured , for cultural reasons .
He is now one of central Australia 's most successful artists , after winning the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2011 .
They encountered a group of men on camels attempting to pull their truck out of a bog .
He painted at the art center for a few hours each day , while his wife ( now deceased ) would wait outside the center with their dogs .
Minyintiri and his family were present for the establishment of the mission settlement of Ernabella in 1937 .
Each layer represents a different memory or part of a creation story .
They settled on the mission with several other Aboriginal families , and Minyintiri has lived at Ernabella ever since .
Nearly all of them are large canvases .
His paintings are almost always multi-layered with strong motifs and symbols used to represent landmarks or figures .
His paintings depict sacred stories from his Dreaming .
He worked for most of his life as a shepherd and shearer , but became a widely respected ngangkaṟi ( traditional healer ) in his later years .
The first Royal Rumble took place on January 24 , 1988 and was broadcast live on the USA Network .
From 2001 to 2007 , the Royal Rumble match winner had gone on to win a World Championship title at WrestleMania .
The first Rumble match featured only twenty men , and it was called the Rumble Royale .
The tradition of granting a WWE Championship match at WrestleMania started in 1993 .
The Royal Rumble is a pay-per-view consisting of the Royal Rumble match , championship matches , and various other matches .
The pay-per-view is a part of WWE 's `` Big Four '' , along with WrestleMania , SummerSlam , and Survivor Series .
For instance , Chris Benoit switched brands in 2004 and won the World Heavyweight Championship .
Starting in 2004 , the Rumble winner had the option of challenging any brand 's champion .
At first , the winner of the match received a shot at their brand 's champion .
It is part of WWE 's `` classic four '' pay-per-views , along with WrestleMania , Survivor Series , and SummerSlam .
He also became the first since The Rock in 2000 to win the Royal Rumble match but fail to win the title in his championship opportunity as a result .
After winning the 2008 match , John Cena became the first winner to use his championship opportunity at an event ( No Way Out 2008 ) other than WrestleMania .
The reward for winning the 1992 Royal Rumble was the WWF Championship .
The modern Rumble matches are much longer , with the longest match , at the 2002 event , lasting over one hour and nine minutes of an approximately three-hour pay-per-view .
The winner of the event is the last wrestler remaining after all others have been eliminated .
The Royal Rumble is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event , produced every January by professional wrestling promotion WWE .
It lasted approximately thirty-three minutes of the two-hour broadcast .
With the brand extension introduced in mid-2002 , the 30 entrants from 2003 to 2006 consisted of 15 wrestlers from both the Raw and SmackDown brands .
The 2008 Royal Rumble was the first WWE pay-per-view to be available in high-definition .
This format is credited to Pat Patterson .
The Royal Rumble has been classified as being one of WWE 's most popular pay-per-view events .
The event 's main feature is a take on a Battle Royal match , entitled the Royal Rumble .
The Royal Rumble is based on the classic Battle Royal match , in which a number of wrestlers aim at eliminating their competitors by tossing them over the top rope , with both feet touching the floor .
The following year 's event was the first Royal Rumble pay-per-view event .
Five non-PPV Rumble matches have taken place .
The match begins with the two wrestlers who have drawn entry numbers one and two , with the remaining 28 wrestlers entering the ring at regular timed intervals , either 90 seconds or two minutes , according to their entry number .
Despite being introduced in late 2002 , it was not until 2004 that a winner had the option to choose a match for the World Heavyweight Championship instead of the WWE Championship at WrestleMania .
From 2007 to 2010 , participants from the ECW brand competed along with the Raw and SmackDown brands , while the ECW World Championship became available for the winner to challenge for regardless of their designated brand .
Among his most popular songs are `` Adana '' , `` Artsakh '' , `` Ov Hayots Ashkharh '' and `` Ovkyanosits ayn koghm '' .
Ara Gevorgian co-operates with Jivan Gasparyan , Ian Gillan , Demis Roussos , Pedro Eustache , Daniel Decker and others .
He participated in the Opening Ceremony of the Cultural Year of Armenia in Russia hosted at the Moscow Kremlin Music Hall and honored by the presence of the presidents of Armenia and Russia Robert Kocharyan and Vladimir Putin respectively and the famous singer Charles Aznavour .
Gevorgian is the son of Armenian folk-singer Valya Samvelyan .
During the two years he studied at Yerevan # 8 college of Fine Arts .
In 2004 he was awarded the Honorary Artist of the Republic of Armenia title by the President Robert Kocharyan .
In 1983 he founded the `` Rally '' Armenian pop-rock band , the participant of `` Song-85 '' festival .
In 1987-1989 Gevorgian taught conducting at the same Institute , then he worked at Armenian Television ( `` 3 Alik '' TV program ) .
He studied at School # 31 of Yerevan and at the A. Tigranyan Musical School at the same time .
Ara Gevorgyan ( Armenian : Արա Գևորգյան , born April 19 , 1960 , Yerevan ) is an Armenian musician , composer and musical producer .
From 1983 to 1987 he studied at Armenian State Pedagogical University at the faculty of woodwind instruments and pop music department .
There are typically two rainy seasons : from March to May and from October to November .
Santiago de Cali is located in a valley .
She made her Broadway debut in Rent as Alexi Darling and others , appearing from December 2006 until April 2007 .
She is the daughter of Hong Kong Chinese-Filipina singer Teresa Carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .
Carpio has also appeared on television , including a TV movie and in one episode of both The Jury and Law & Order .
In 1208 Eric returned to Sweden with Norwegian troops and defeated Sverker in the Battle of Lena .
In 1205 , the brothers returned to Sweden with Norwegian support , but lost the Battle of Älgarås , where all three of Eric 's brothers were killed .
Eric `` X '' , Swedish : Erik Knutsson ; Old Norse : Eiríkr Knútsson ( c. 1180 - 10 April 1216 ) was the King of Sweden between 1208 and 1216 .
Pashtuns comprise little over 15 % of Pakistan 's population .
They include some who usually speak Dari ( Persian ) , Urdu , Hindi and English rather than Pashto .
Florence Nightingale was born on 12 May 1820 into a rich , upper-class , well-connected British family at the Villa Colombaia , in Florence , Italy , and was named after the city of her birth .
She came to prominence while serving as a nurse during the Crimean War , where she tended to wounded soldiers .
Croce accepted a plea bargain and was sentenced to three years of unsupervised probation and forfeiture of $ 98,000 .
Violet Blue , an author , described this website as becoming `` the new ` tubgirl ' and goatse all in one disgusting moment of choco-poo-love '' in a San Francisco Chronicle article .
Around mid-October 2007 , video sites such as YouTube were flooded with videos depicting others ' reactions to watching the video for the first time .
Even Joe Rogan , host of Fear Factor , a show notorious for the disgusting things its contestants are dared to eat , had to turn away in a reaction video posted to his blog .
Many videos exist on YouTube of users showing the original video ( off-camera ) to their friends and filming their reactions , although some may be staged .
The film was produced by MFX Video , one of several companies owned by Fiorito .
Authorities in the United States have branded some of Fiorito 's films as obscene and filed charges against Danilo Croce , a Brazilian lawyer living in Florida , listed as an officer of a company distributing Fiorito 's films in the United States .
Hungry Bitches , unofficially nicknamed for its trailer as 2 Girls 1 Cup , is a 2007 scat-fetish pornographic film produced by MFX Media .
A reaction video starring a Kermit the Frog puppet proved very popular on the community-based website Digg .
The first few seconds of the 2 Girls 1 Cup video contain the text `` MFX 1209 '' ( the production code for Hungry Bitches ) and the URL mfxvideos.com , the website of Fiorito 's MFX Video , leading some in the media to incorrectly believe the video is one of the many Croce had to surrender to the Department of Justice but was somehow leaked in the process .
The Milwaukee Brewers are a professional baseball team based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
The team is a member of the Central Division of Major League Baseball 's National League and plays its home games at Miller Park .
The original Brewers uniforms were `` hand-me-downs '' from the Seattle Pilots .
Iodine is a chemical element with symbol I and atomic number 53 .
The Romans took control of central Italy by the Battle of Sentinum in 295 BC .
The Ostrogoths of king Totila destroyed most of the town in 545 .
According to tradition , his remains rest in the Cathedral Church of San Rufino in Assisi .
Assisi was hit by two devastating earthquakes , that shook Umbria in September 1997 .
From 450 BC these settlements were gradually taken over by the Etruscans .
These were the Umbrians , living in small fortified settlements on high ground .
Roman remains can still be found in Assisi : city walls , the forum ( now Piazza del Comune ) , a theater , an amphitheatre and the Temple of Minerva ( now transformed into the Church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva ) .
The larger , called Rocca Maggiore , is a massive presence meant to intimidate the people of the town : it was built by Cardinal Albornoz ( 1367 ) and expanded by popes Pius II ( polygonal tower , 1458 ) and Paul III ( the cylindrical bastion near the entrance , 1535-1538 ) .
The breast is the upper ventral region of the torso of a primate , in left and right sides , containing the mammary gland which in a female can secrete milk used to feed infants .
They give the breast its offspring-feeding functions as a mammary gland .
Harassment by the authorities was also on the rise .
In the summer of 1969 , the ninth SDS national convention was held at the Chicago Coliseum with some 2000 people attending .
Night-time raids on draft offices began to spread .
The demonstration in Washington , D.C. attracted about 25,000 anti-war protesters and SDS became the leading student group against the war on most U.S. campuses .
A mass rally and a student strike then closed the university for several days .
There were nine chapters with , at most , about 1000 members .
A coordinated series of demonstrations against the draft led by members of the Resistance , the War Resisters League , and SDS added fuel to the fire of resistance .
Soon hundreds more , all over the country , were held .
The first teach-in against the war was held in the University of Michigan .
The huge ( 100,000 people ) October 21 March on the Pentagon saw hundreds arrested and injured .
It was largely ignored by the New York City-based national media , which focused on the student shutdown of Columbia University in New York , led by an inter-racial alliance of Columbia SDS chapter activists and Student Afro Society activists .
The national office ( NO ) in New York City consisted of a few desks , some broken chairs , a couple of file cabinets and a few typewriters .
In the spring of 1968 , National SDS activists led an effort on the campuses called `` Ten Days of Resistance '' and local chapters cooperated with the Student Mobilization Committee in rallies , marches , sit-ins and teach-ins , which culminated in a one-day strike on April 26 .
After conventional civil rights tactics of peaceful pickets seemed to have failed , the Oakland , California Stop the Draft Week ended in mass hit and run skirmishes with the police .
Hundreds of students were arrested .
Campus chapters of SDS all over the country started to lead small , localized demonstrations against the war and the NO became the focal group that organized the march against the war in Washington on April 17 .
The school year started with a large demonstration against university complicity in the war in allowing Dow recruiters on campus at the University of Wisconsin in Madison on October 17 .
About a million students stayed away from classes that day , the largest student strike in the history of the United States .
Peaceful at first , the demonstrations turned to a sit-in that was violently dispersed by the Madison police and riot squad , resulting in many injuries and arrests .
That fall saw a great escalation of the anti-war actions of the New Left .
Representing its move into the heartland , the 1965 summer convention was held at Kewadin , a small camp in Northern Michigan .
Led by a charismatic Friends of SNCC student activist named Mario Savio , upwards of three thousand students surrounded a police car in which a student was being taken away , arrested for setting up an informational card table for the Congress of Racial Equality ( CORE ) in defiance of the University 's ban on politics .
SDS held its first meeting in 1960 on the University of Michigan campus at Ann Arbor , Michigan , where Alan Haber was elected president .
The demonstrations , meetings and strikes that resulted all but shut the university down .
Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) was a student activist movement in the United States that was one of the main representations of the New Left .
Each delegate was given the convention issue of the newspaper New Left Notes , which contained a manifesto , `` You do n't need a Weatherman to know which way the wind blows '' , a line taken from Bob Dylan 's Subterranean Homesick Blues .
The manifesto provided ideas of what and how to work for and to improve , and also advocated nonviolent civil disobedience as the means by which student youth could bring forth a `` participatory democracy . ''
Moreover , its National Office , which was previously located in Manhattan , was moved to Chicago at about the same time .
Then , on October 1 , the University of California , Berkeley exploded into the dramatic and prolonged agony that was the free speech movement .
Membership in SDS chapters around the United States increased dramatically during the 1968-69 academic year .
The Winter and Spring of 1967 saw an escalation of the militancy of the protests at many campuses .
The sit-down prevented the police car from moving for 32 hours .
The Anti-War movement began to take hold among university students .
Her brothers included Cesare Borgia , Giovanni Borgia , and Gioffre Borgia .
Another description said that `` her mouth is rather large , the teeth brilliantly white , her neck is slender and fair , and the bust is admirably proportioned '' .
Lucrezia was married to Giovanni Sforza ( Lord of Pesaro ) , Alfonso of Aragon ( Duke of Bisceglie ) , and Alfonso I d'Este ( Duke of Ferrara ) .
One painting , Portrait of a Youth by Dosso Dossi at the National Gallery of Victoria , was identified as a portrait of Lucrezia in November 2008 .
Several other paintings , such as Veneto 's fanciful portrait , have also been said to depict her but none has been accepted by scholars at present .
This painting may be the only surviving formal portrait of Lucrezia Borgia ; however , doubts have been cast on that claim .
Tradition has it that Alfonso of Aragon was an illegitimate son of the King of Naples and that her brother Cesare may have had him murdered after his political value waned .
Lucrezia was cast as a femme fatale , a role she has been portrayed as in many artworks , novels , and films .
She is described as having heavy blonde hair which fell past her knees , a beautiful complexion , hazel eyes which changed color , a full , high bosom , and a natural grace which made her appear to `` walk on air '' ; these were the physical attributes that were highly appreciated in Italy during that period .
Lucrezia 's family later came to epitomize the ruthless Machiavellian politics and sexual corruption alleged to be characteristic of the Renaissance Papacy .
They certainly arranged several marriages for her to important or powerful men in order to advance their own political ambitions .
Lucrezia Borgia ( Italian pronunciation : ( luˈkrɛtsja ˈbɔrdʒa ) ; Catalan : Lucrècia ; Catalan pronunciation : ( luˈkrɛsiə ) ; 18 April 1480 - 24 June 1519 ) was the daughter of Pope Alexander VI and Vannozza dei Cattanei .
The square was created by Johann Arnold Nering at the end of the seventeenth century as the Linden-Markt and reconstructed by Georg Christian Unger in 1773 .
Coordinates : 52 ° 30 ′ 49 ″ N 13 ° 23 ′ 34 ″ E \/ 52.51361 ° N 13.39278 ° E \/ 52.51361 ; 13.39278 The Gendarmenmarkt is a square in Berlin , and the site of the Konzerthaus and the French and German Cathedrals .
The Gendarmenmarkt hosts one of Berlin 's most popular Christmas markets .
During World War II , most of the buildings were badly damaged or destroyed .
Today all the buildings have been restored to their former state .
The Gendarmenmarkt is named after the cuirassier regiment Gens d'Armes , which was deployed at this square until 1773 .
It is not known how many Roman legions were sent ; only one legion , the II Augusta , commanded by the future emperor Vespasian , is directly attested to have taken part .
The Twilight Zone is an American science-fiction\/fantasy anthology television series created by Rod Serling , which ran for five seasons on CBS from 1959 to 1964 .
The students were protesting an Egyptian Ministry of Culture publisher printing and presenting for sale copies of the 1983 novel A Banquet for Seaweed by the Syrian writer Haidar Haidar .
In 2006 , it was the second largest book fair in the world after the Frankfurt Book Fair .
Following the protests , two members of the government printing house were also arrested for `` disparaging religion '' and publishing a work `` offensive to public morals '' .
It is the largest book fair in the Arab world , as well as the oldest .
These have included works by Czech Milan Kundera , Moroccan Mohamed Choukri , Saudi Ibrahim Badi , Lebanese Hanan al-Sheikh , and fellow Lebanese novelist Elias Khoury In 2005 , Egyptian police arrested a number of book sellers and activists at the book fair , charging two Egyptian journalists with `` disseminating false propaganda against the government '' and others for presenting an avowedly socialist work .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world , drawing hundreds of book sellers from around the world and about 2 million visitors each year .
The CIBF was founded by the General Egyptian Book Organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of Cairo .
The Cairo International Book Fair is the largest and oldest book fair in the Arab world , held every year in the last week of January in Cairo , Egypt , at the Cairo International Fair Grounds in Madinat Nasr , near Al-Azhar University , it is organised by the General Egyptian Book Organisation .
That year , over 2000 members of Muslim student groups protested outside Al-Azhar University , leading to rare public protests against the Egyptian government , violence , 75 arrests and a number of injuries .
The fair is also notable as Cairo-based publishers produce an estimated three of five Arabic language books printed in the world , and the state owned General Egyptian Book Organisation - who coordinate the fair - is the largest book publisher in the Arab world .
Lectures , readings , and other public events take place during the almost three weeks over which the book fair runs , and material is presented in Arabic , English , and other languages .
The fair purposely appeals to ordinary Egyptians , with media on mainstream topics , outdoor events , and even fireworks to entertain the large crowds .
Its 41st iteration was held from 21 January to 5 February 2009 .
In following years a number of books presented by foreign publishers have been seized by Egyptian authorities .
The fair features booths and speakers from private publishers and government agencies from around the world , as well as retailers of books , video , and other media .
The CIBF has been marred in recent years by charges that leftist and Muslim militant authors , works critical of the government , and works featuring passages or topics deemed sexually or culturally controversial have been banned from presentation at the book fair .
Stern was born on January 12 , 1954 into a family that lived in Jackson Heights , Queens in New York City .
On January 19 , 1869 , in the aftermath of the Boshin War , the provinces of Mutsu and Dewa were divided .
The 36 bays of this irregular coastline tend to amplify the destructiveness of tsunami waves which reach the shores of Sanriku , as demonstrated in the damage caused by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami .
However , the label lives on in common usages such as the Sanriku Coast , which extends along Japan 's Pacific coastline from Aomori in the north down to the Oshika Peninsula in Miyagi .
The first three of these collectively known as the `` Three Riku '' , or Sanriku , with san ( 三 ) meaning `` three . ''
In 2005 , Olah wrote an essay promoting the methanol economy .
Olah is currently a distinguished professor at the University of Southern California and the director of the Loker Hydrocarbon Research Institute .
For this research , Olah was awarded a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1994 .
In 1971 , Olah became a naturalized citizen of the United States .
He has joined with Robert Zubrin , Anne Korin , and James Woolsey in promoting a flexible-fuel mandate initiative .
As a result of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution , he and his family moved briefly to England and then to Canada , where he joined Dow Chemical in Sarnia , Ontario , with another Hungarian chemist , Stephen J. Kuhn .
George Andrew Olah ( born Oláh György ; May 22 , 1927 ) is a Hungarian and American chemist .
His research involves the generation and reactivity of carbocations via superacids .
In recent years , his research has shifted from hydrocarbons and their transformation into fuel to the methanol economy .
The awards are selected and administered by the American Chemical Society .
After the high school of Budapesti Piarista Gimnazium ( Scolopi fathers ) , he studied , then taught , at what is now Budapest University of Technology and Economics .
The search for stable carbocations led to the discovery of protonated methane which was stabilized by superacids , like FSO3H-SbF5 ( `` Magic Acid '' ) .
The Olah family formed an endowment fund ( the George A. Olah Endowment ) which grants annual awards to outstanding chemists .
He has also been awarded the Priestley Medal , the highest honor granted by the American Chemical Society and F.A. Cotton Medal for Excellence in Chemical Research of the American Chemical Society in 1996 .
Olah 's pioneering work on carbocations started during his eight years with Dow .
Olah was born in Budapest , Hungary , on May 22 , 1927 , to Magda ( Krasznai ) and Julius Oláh , a lawyer .
It is an officially recognized minority language in Istria County , where it is spoken by 7.69 % of the population .
The 2001 Census in Croatia reported 19,636 ethnic Italians in the country ( some 0.44 % of the total population ) .
In Istria County , local government services are provided in Croatian and Italian , including the tri-lingual ( Croatian , Italian and English ) official government website .
Native Italian speakers are largely concentrated along the western coast of peninsula Istria .
There are some Italian-language schools in Croatian\/Croazian region Istra\/Istria : primary schools in Buje\/Buie , Umag\/Umago , Novigrad\/Cittanova d'Istria , Poreč \/ Parenzo , and secondary schools in Pula\/Pola and Rovinj\/Rovigno .
Because of Croatian trade and tourist relations with Italy , many Croats have some knowledge of the language ( mostly in the service and tourist industries ) .
Frankfort is the capital of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the seat of Franklin County .
GPL was the first copyleft license for general use .
Ansermet was born in Vevey , Switzerland .
In 1918 , Ansermet founded his own orchestra , the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande ( OSR ) .
He died on 20 February 1969 in Geneva at the age of 85 .
Traveling in France for this , he met both Debussy and Ravel , and consulted them on the performance of their works .
He began conducting at the Casino in Montreux in 1912 , and from 1915 to 1923 was the conductor for Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes .
Originally he was a mathematics professor , teaching at the University of Lausanne .
During World War I , he met Stravinsky , who was exiled in Switzerland , and from this meeting began the conductor 's lifelong association with Russian music .
Although famous for performing much modern music by other composers such as Arthur Honegger and Frank Martin , he avoided altogether the music of Arnold Schoenberg and his associates , even criticizing Stravinsky when he began to use twelve-tone techniques in his compositions .
The bowerbirds have an Austro-Papuan distribution , with ten species endemic to New Guinea , eight endemic to Australia , and two found in both .
The family has 20 species in eight genera .
Their diet consists mainly of fruit but may also include insects ( especially for nestlings ) , flowers , nectar and leaves in some species .
These are medium to large-sized passerines , ranging from the Golden Bowerbird at 22 centimetres ( 8.7 in ) and 70 grams ( 2.5 oz ) to the Great Bowerbird at 40 centimetres ( 16 in ) and 230 grams ( 8.1 oz ) .
They occupy a range of different habitats , including rainforest , eucalyptus and acacia forest , and shrublands .
Although their distribution is centered on the tropical regions of New Guinea and northern Australia , some species extend into central , western , and southeastern Australia .
They are renowned for their unique courtship behavior , where males build a structure and decorate it with sticks and brightly colored objects in an attempt to attract a mate .
The Satin and Spotted Bowerbirds are sometimes considered agricultural pests due to their habit of feeding on introduced fruit and vegetable crops and have occasionally been killed by affected orchardists .
Common names include `` queen conch '' and `` pink conch '' in English , caracol rosa and caracol rosado in Mexico , caracol de pala , cobo , botuto and guarura in Venezuela , caracol reina , lambí in the Dominican Republic , and carrucho in Puerto Rico .
This species is one of the largest molluscs native to the tropical northwestern Atlantic , from Bermuda to Brazil , reaching up to 35.2 centimetres ( 13.9 in ) in shell length .
Lobatus gigas , commonly known as the queen conch , is a species of large edible sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family of true conches , the Strombidae .
According to one perspective , it is directly from the Qur ` an , constantly recited , meditated , and experienced , that Sufism proceeded , in its origin and its development .
Others have held that Sufism is the strict emulation of the way of Muhammad , through which the heart 's connection to the Divine is strengthened .
Important contributions in writing are attributed to Uwais al-Qarni , Harrm bin Hian , Hasan Basri and Sayid ibn al-Mussib .
More prosaically , the Muslim conquests had brought large numbers of Christian monks and hermits , especially in Syria and Egypt , under the rule of Muslims .
Practitioners of Sufism hold that in its early stages of development Sufism effectively referred to nothing more than the internalization of Islam .
There are seven named species .
There are more digits in the front flippers than is usual in ichthyosaurs ; they are tightly bound in rows , giving a broad , flat appearance .
It had a long snout and a powerful finned tail .
Fossils are known from Australia , Russia , United States of America , Colombia , Western Europe and possibly New Zealand .
This unusual characteristic gives the genus its name , meaning ` flat wing . '
Platypterygius reached a length of about 7 m ( 23 ft ) .
Like other ichthyosaurs , Platypterygius gave live birth .
CAT scans on a juvenile specimen strongly suggest that Platypterygius was deaf .
Furthermore , some of the wrist bones have disappeared entirely .
Both adults and juveniles have been unearthed , including newborns and pregnant females .
Platypterygius ( ` Flat wing ( flipper ) ' , von Huene 1922 ) is an ichthyosaur of the family Ophthalmosauridae .
Two Toads ( Yellow and Blue ) were eventually included as playable characters in New Super Mario Bros. .
Wii , the developers at Nintendo decided between four characters to be playable in the game : Princess Peach , Toad , Wario and Waluigi ( all suggestions made by fans ) .
In the game , the peaceful Toads of the Mushroom Kingdom had been turned into various objects such as bricks and pipes by the evil King Bowser ; however , some of Princess Toadstool 's loyal servants , known as the `` Mushroom Retainers , '' were simply kidnapped .
Wii due to their physical similarity to Mario and Luigi .
Black Pear Tree , an EP by The Mountain Goats and Kaki King , features a song titled `` Thank You Mario But Our Princess is in Another Castle , '' sung from the perspective of Toad .
During the development of New Super Mario Bros. .
Shigeru Miyamoto , the creator of the Mario franchise , reasons that Toad 's creation was that of being a character that has a simplistic design ; yet , still appears cute and lovely and pleasing to everybody .
Toad 's design was made directly from the power up the Super Mushroom , as well as the game 's general association with mushrooms .
Toad and the mushroom people were first seen in the game Super Mario Bros. where the species was revealed to comprise the majority of the population of the Mushroom Kingdom .
Toad appeared in the animated series The Super Mario Bros. .
Super Show !
Toad bears a similar appearance to the rest of his species with his large mushroom cap and clothes .
In New Super Mario Bros. .
Deianeira sees Troy in the distance and tells Hercules that she now remembers and this is where she is from .
Hercules tutors the people of Troy and prepares them to battle to take back Troy .
The giant follows the woman to the village and rips the roof of the tavern .
Hercules comes to the aid of a young woman who is seeking the lost city of Troy .
Hercules presents himself to the giant and the giant challenges Hercules to a fight .
Deianeira and Hercules get caught in a trap and taken to the king .
After spending the night with the Queen Hercules gets the compass and he and Deianeira continue searching for Troy .
She sees the dark figure and asks who he is and why she is being followed , but the figure does not answer .
Deianeira gets attacked by some men but the figure in the dark robe saves her and tells her to follow her destiny .
Hercules goes outside and he beats the giant .
Zeus appears and Hercules asks him if he will help him .
Hercules saves her from being sacrificed , while unknowingly being watched by a mysterious robed figure .
Later in the evening as they camp for the night , Deianeira tells her a story that she is the daughter of a King .
Deianeira realizes that the people can not beat the Cult of the Blue Priests and goes looking for the Blue Priest .
In order to get to see the Queen , Hercules sells himself as a slave , and the Queen buys him .
Hercules helps the refugees take back the city .
The woman tells Hercules that her name is Deianeira .
Hercules kills the monster from inside and they are washed up on the shore .
The people notice that Deianeira is missing and Hercules and the people use an underground tunnel to get into the city .
He explains to Hercules that his people have been driven from their city , the lost city of Troy .
Elsewhere a young woman is collecting water , when the ground begins to shake .
While running , one man is hit by a boulder and killed .
She flees back to the village to warn them that a giant is coming .
The Blue Priest and Hercules fight and Hercules cuts off the Priest 's head .
Later Hercules and Deianeira arrive at the slave market looking for Queen Omphale of Lydia , the last person to have possessed the compass .
The king is ill and he and his daughter are reunited .
It swallows Hercules and Deianeira .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Priests .
Hercules heads off to find the compass , he finds a tribe of men preparing to sacrifice a young virgin to their water god .
As Deianeira is crowned Queen of Troy , we see Hercules thrown down from out of the sky , a man approaches him asking him for help , Hercules agrees and the two men walk off to the next adventure .
A huge storm approaches , and Zeus tells Hercules that Hera is coming for Deianeira , Hercules saves her and Hera takes Hercules instead .
He tells her that the Cult of the Blue Priests have taken over the city and the people have taken refuge in the woods , he tells Deianeira to rule them well , and then dies .
Hercules and Deianeira head on to Troy , they arrive at the ocean and the figure standing on the cliffs summons a sea serpent to do Hera 's bidding .
He asks his father how to find Troy and he says that Hera vanished it and to find it Hercules must find the one true compass which will point the way to Troy .
As he stoops down to quench his thirst a female figure composed of water rises out of the river and pulls him under , drowning him , the other two men run on .
The remaining man escapes .
As the people fight the cult members Hercules goes looking for Deianeira , he finds her about to be sacrificed to Hera and saves her .
As the village celebrates the defeat the man from earlier in the film arrives in the village , he asks for Hercules ' help .
Three men are running along the riverside , one of them stops to take a drink from the river .
Fans are generally encouraged to sing along , and at some ballparks , the words `` home team '' are replaced with the team name , as is the case with the Seattle Mariners , Houston Astros , Los Angeles Dodgers , San Francisco Giants , Pittsburgh Pirates , Boston Red Sox , Chicago Cubs , Chicago White Sox , Milwaukee Brewers , Philadelphia Phillies , Toronto Blue Jays , Miami Marlins , Colorado Rockies , Detroit Tigers and several other Major League Baseball teams .
The song ( chorus only ) is traditionally sung during the middle of seventh inning of a baseball game .
The words were set to music by Albert Von Tilzer .
The first recorded version was by Edward Meeker .
Meeker 's recording was selected by the Library of Congress as a 2010 addition to the National Recording Registry , which selects recordings annually that are `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
To date however , experiments have shown that if proton decay occurs , the half-life must be greater than 6.6 × 1033 years .
The most stable radioisotope is tritium , with a half-life of 12.32 years .
The nucleus consists of a proton and four neutrons .
Tritium has also been released during nuclear weapons tests .
Water enriched in molecules that include deuterium instead of normal hydrogen is called heavy water .
Deuterium comprises 0.0026 - 0.0184 % ( by population , not by mass ) of hydrogen samples on Earth , with the lower number tending to be found in samples of hydrogen gas and the higher enrichment ( 0.015 % or 150 ppm ) typical of ocean water .
It consists of 1 proton and 5 neutrons .
Some recent theories of particle physics predict that proton decay can occur with a half-life of the order of 1036 years .
A common conception of the Pacific Northwest includes the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington as well as the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Though no universally agreed upon boundary exists , a common conception includes the U.S. states of Oregon , Washington , and the Canadian province of British Columbia .
It was discovered on February 17 , 2004 by Michael Brown of Caltech , Chad Trujillo of the Gemini Observatory , and David Rabinowitz of Yale University .
He was Curator of the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard University from 1959 to 1970 , and a Professor of Geosciences at the University of Arizona until his retirement in 1982 .
Simpson also received the Royal Society 's Darwin Medal ` In recognition of his distinguished contributions to general evolutionary theory , based on a profound study of palaeontology , particularly of vertebrates , ' in 1962 .
George Gaylord Simpson ( June 16 , 1902 - October 6 , 1984 ) was an American paleontologist .
He coined the word hypodigm in 1940 , and published extensively on the taxonomy of fossil and extant mammals .
He anticipated such concepts as punctuated equilibrium ( in Tempo and mode ) and dispelled the myth that the evolution of the horse was a linear process culminating in the modern Equus caballus .
He was awarded the Linnean Society of London 's prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1958 .
Simpson was perhaps the most influential paleontologist of the twentieth century , and a major participant in the modern evolutionary synthesis , contributing Tempo and mode in evolution ( 1944 ) , The meaning of evolution ( 1949 ) and The major features of evolution ( 1953 ) .
Simpson was influentially , and incorrectly , opposed to Alfred Wegener 's theory of continental drift .
He was Professor of Zoology at Columbia University , and Curator of the Department of Geology and Paleontology at the American Museum of Natural History from 1945 to 1959 .
He was an expert on extinct mammals and their intercontinental migrations .
He started playing football with USK Anif , a team from a suburb of Salzburg .
In 2009 he played for the second team of Red Bull Salzburg , Red Bull Juniors .
In 2010 he played with the U 19 team in the European Championship in France and is qualified with the team for the U 20 World championship in 2011 .
Since 2008 Marco Meilinger played for Austria in different youth teams .
He signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg in 2010 .
In 2002 he went to Austria Salzburg , and 2005 , after the club was bought by Red Bull , he played with FC Red Bull Salzburg .
In August 2011 , he was loaned to SV Ried and had a two-year loan spell at the club .
It was the ninth named storm , fifth hurricane , and third major hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
Ike was blamed for at least 195 deaths .
Most countries have their own government public health agencies , sometimes known as ministries of health , to respond to domestic health issues .
There may not be enough trained health workers or monetary resources to provide even a basic level of medical care and disease prevention .
Public health has early roots in antiquity .
From the beginnings of human civilization , it was recognized that polluted water and lack of proper waste disposal spread communicable diseases ( theory of miasma ) .
The ancient Chinese medical doctors developed the practice of variolation following a smallpox epidemic around 1000 BC .
Public health plays an important role in disease prevention efforts in both the developing world and in developed countries , through local health systems and non-governmental organizations .
Burning parts of cities resulted in much greater benefit , since it destroyed the rodent infestations .
Many diseases are preventable through simple , non-medical methods .
The development of quarantine in the medieval period helped mitigate the effects of other infectious diseases .
Early religions attempted to regulate behavior that specifically related to health , from types of food eaten , to regulating certain indulgent behaviors , such as drinking alcohol or sexual relations .
In other cases , treating a disease or controlling a pathogen can be vital to preventing its spread to others , such as during an outbreak of infectious disease , or contamination of food or water supplies .
Reforms included latrinization , the building of sewers , the regular collection of garbage followed by incineration or disposal in a landfill , the provision of clean water and the draining of standing water to prevent the breeding of mosquitoes .
Dramatic increases in average life span in the late 19th century and 20th century , is widely credited to public health achievements , such as vaccination programs and control of many infectious diseases including polio , diphtheria , yellow fever and smallpox ; effective health and safety policies such as road traffic safety and occupational safety ; improved family planning ; tobacco control measures ; and programs designed to decrease non-communicable diseases by acting on known risk factors such as a person 's background , lifestyle and environment .
Public health incorporates the interdisciplinary approaches of epidemiology , biostatistics and health services .
Public health communications programs , vaccination programs , and distribution of condoms are examples of common public health measures .
The club was formed in 1965 as a merger of two professional clubs , Sportclub Enschede and the Enschedese Boys .
Their office or position is the priesthood , a term which also may apply to such persons collectively .
The Anglican churches , unlike the Roman Catholic or Eastern Christian traditions , have allowed the ordination of women as priests in some provinces since 1971 .
In many religions , being a priest or priestess is a full-time position , ruling out any other career .
The study of perception gave rise to the Gestalt school of psychology , with its emphasis on holistic approach .
The oldest quantitative laws in psychology are Weber 's law-which states that the smallest noticeable difference in stimulus intensity is proportional to the intensity of the reference-and Fechner 's law which quantifies the relationship between the intensity of the physical stimulus and its perceptual counterpart ( for example , testing how much darker a computer screen can get before the viewer actually notices ) .
Perception is one of the oldest fields in psychology .
Silverstone Circuit is a British motor racing circuit next to the Northamptonshire villages of Silverstone and Whittlebury .
The sheep was killed and the car written off , and in the aftermath of this event the informal race became known as the Mutton Grand Prix .
Silverstone is built on the site of a World War II Royal Air Force bomber station , RAF Silverstone , which opened in 1943 .
The next year the Royal Automobile Club took a lease on the airfield and set out a more formal racing circuit .
One of their members , Maurice Geoghegan , lived in nearby Silverstone village and was aware that the airfield was deserted .
Silverstone was first used for motorsport by an ad hoc group of friends who set up an impromptu race in September 1947 .
As a consequence of this the entry from Hangar Straight into Stowe Corner was modified in 1995 so as to make its entry less dangerous and , as a result , less challenging , and the flat-out Abbey kink was modified to a chicane in just 19 days before the 1994 GP .
Their first two races were held on the runways themselves , with long straights separated by tight hairpin corners , the track demarcated by hay bales .
This arrangement was used for the 1950 and 1951 Grands Prix .
Following the deaths of Senna and fellow Grand Prix driver Roland Ratzenberger at Imola in 1994 , many Grand Prix circuits were modified in order to reduce speed and increase driver safety .
He and eleven other drivers raced over a two mile circuit , during the course of which Geoghegan himself ran over a sheep that had wandered onto the airfield .
However , for the 1949 International Trophy meeting , it was decided to switch to the perimeter track .
The Northamptonshire towns of Towcester ( 5 miles ) and Brackley ( 7 miles ) and Buckinghamshire town of Buckingham ( 6 miles ) are close by , and the nearest large towns are Northampton and Milton Keynes .
The specially coated tubes , made of glass and steel , were designed and produced by Solel Solar Systems as well as by Schott Glass in Germany .
In 1991 it was made available as an online database , and handed over to the Australian National Botanic Gardens .
Two years later , responsibility for its maintenance has given to the newly formed Centre for Plant Biodiversity Research .
The Australian Plant Name Index ( APNI ) is an online database of all published names of Australian vascular plants .
It covers all names , whether current names , synonyms or invalid names .
Compiled by Arthur Chapman , it was part of the Australian Biological Resources Study ( ABRS ) .
Recognised by Australian herbaria as the authoritative source for Australian plant nomenclature , it is the core component of Australia 's Virtual Herbarium , a collaborative project with A$ 10 million funding , aimed at providing integrated online access to the data and specimen collections of Australia 's major herbaria .
Two query interfaces are offered : Originally the brainchild of Nancy Tyson Burbidge , it began as a four-volume printed work consisting of 3,055 pages , and containing over 60,000 plant names .
It includes bibliographic and typification details , information from the Australian Plant Census including distribution by state , links to other resources such as specimen collection maps and plant photographs , and the facility for notes and comments on other aspects .
The work is notable for its convincing rendering of a pose where violent motion and sudden stillness meet , for its graceful balance and for the rendering of the figure 's draped garments , compellingly depicted as if rippling in a strong sea breeze .
The Winged Victory of Samothrace , also called the Nike of Samothrace , is a 2nd-century BC marble sculpture of the Greek goddess Nike ( Victory ) .
Because defining a GSSP depends on finding well-preserved geologic sections and identifying key events , this task becomes more difficult as one goes farther back in time .
Before 630 million years ago , boundaries on the geologic timescale are defined simply by reference to fixed dates , known as `` Global Standard Stratigraphic Ages '' .
A geologic section has to fulfill a set of criteria to be adapted as a GSSP by the ICS .
As of 2012 , 64 of the 101 stages that need a GSSP have been formally defined .
A Global Boundary Stratotype Section and Point , abbreviated GSSP , is an internationally agreed upon reference point on a stratigraphic section which defines the lower boundary of a stage on the geologic time scale .
The effort to define GSSPs is conducted by the International Commission on Stratigraphy , a part of the International Union of Geological Sciences .
At the start of the Permian , the Earth was still at the grip of an Ice Age from the Carboniferous .
The first modern trees ( conifers , ginkgos and cycads ) appeared in the Permian .
In the late Permian period , the drying continued although the temperature cycled between warm and cool cycles .
Glaciers receded around the mid-Permian period as the climate gradually warmed , drying the continent 's interiors .
The climate in the Permian was quite varied .
It is the last period of the Paleozoic Era , following the Carboniferous Period and preceding the Triassic Period of the Mesozoic Era .
True Odonata appeared in the Permian and all are effectively semi-aquatic insects ( aquatic immature stages , and terrestrial adults ) , as are all modern odonates .
Oberallgäu is a district in Bavaria , Germany .
It is bounded by ( from the north and clockwise ) the districts of Unterallgäu and Ostallgäu , the Austrian states Tyrol and Vorarlberg , the district of Lindau , and the state of Baden-Württemberg ( district Ravensburg ) .
The New Azerbaijan Party ( Yeni Azərbaycan Partiyası , YAP ) is the ruling political party in Azerbaijan .
It was formed on 18 December 1992 by the former President of Azerbaijan Heydar Aliyev , who led it until his death in 2003 .
It is now led by his son , Ilham Aliyev , who succeeded his father as the party leader and as President of Azerbaijan since 2003 .
The party 's stated ideologies are lawfulness , secularism , and Azerbaijani nationalism .
The founder of the party , Heydar Aliyev , was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union until July 1991 .
It wants to build a `` social-oriented '' economy , and lists civil solidarity and social justice as the basis of its ideology .
The museum holds mainly French art dating from 1848 to 1915 , including paintings , sculptures , furniture , and photography .
It houses the largest collection of impressionist and post-impressionist masterpieces in the world , by painters including Monet , Manet , Degas , Renoir , Cézanne , Seurat , Sisley , Gauguin and Van Gogh .
It took 6 months to install the 2000 or so paintings , 600 sculptures and other works .
After 1939 it was used for suburban services and part of it became a mailing center during World War II .
Cavan borders six counties ; Leitrim to the west , Fermanagh and Monaghan to the north , Meath to the south-east , Longford to the south-west and Westmeath to the south .
Other important wildlife protected lakes such as Lough Gowna and Lough Ramor are in the south and east of the county .
It is named after the town of Cavan .
The county contains forests such as Bellamont Forest near Cootehill , Killykeen Forest Park at Lough Oughter ( a Coillte state forest concern ) , Dún na Rí Forest Park and the Burren Forest .
The River Erne is a major river which rises from Beaghy Lough , two miles ( 3 km ) south of Stradone in Cavan and flows for 120 km ( 75 mi ) to Lough Erne .
A large complex of lakes form in the north and west of Cavan into designated Specially Protected Areas ( SPA ) , example of this being Lough Oughter .
Shannon Pot on the slopes of Culicagh is the source of the River Shannon , the longest river in Ireland at 386 km ( 240 mi ) .
County Cavan ( Irish : Contae an Chabháin ) is a county in Ireland .
At 18.8 km2 ( 7.3 sq mi ) , Lough Sheelin is the county 's largest lake situated in the south of the county and forms a three way border on its waters between counties Meath and Westmeath and Cavan .
It is part of the Border Region and is located in the province of Ulster .
The Breifne mountains contains the highest point , Cuilcagh at 665 metres ( 2,182 feet ) .
Cavan is known as ` The Lakeland County ' and is reputed to contain 365 lakes .
The population of the county is 73,183 according to the 2011 census .
Cavan is the source of many rivers in Ireland .
For example , when Rooster Teeth produced The Strangerhood using The Sims 2 , a game that encourages the use of its AI , the group had to create multiple instances of each character to accommodate different moods .
In creating their improvisational comedy series On the Campaign Trail with Larry & Lenny Lumberjack and talk show Tra5hTa1k with ILL Will , the ILL Clan blended real and virtual performance by creating the works on-stage and interacting with a live audience .
Matinee , a machinima software tool included with Unreal Tournament 2004 , popularized scripting in machinima .
Another solution is to blend in non-machinima elements , as nGame did by inserting painted characters with more expressive faces into its 1999 film Berlin Assassins .
Machinima creators have used different methods to handle limited character expression .
A filmmaker can work alone this way , as J. Thaddeus `` Mindcrime '' Skubis did in creating the nearly four-hour The Seal of Nehahra ( 2000 ) , the longest work of machinima at the time .
Another difference is that machinima is created in real time , but other animation is pre-rendered .
Rangers clan member Eric `` ArchV '' Fowler wrote his own programs to reposition the camera and to splice footage from the Quake demo file .
Similarly , Atussa Simon used a `` library of faces '' for characters in The Battle of Xerxes .
Because these are seen as low barriers to entry , machinima has been called a `` democratization of filmmaking '' .
However , Kelland , Morris , and Lloyd state that a small range of emotions is often sufficient , as in successful Japanese anime television series .
Some machinima creators use custom software .
In another combination of real and virtual worlds , Chris Burke 's talk show This Spartan Life takes place in Halo 2 's open multiplayer environment .
For example , Strange Company uses Take Over GL Face Skins to add more facial expressions to their characters filmed in BioWare 's 2002 role-playing video game Neverwinter Nights .
Unless what-you-see-is-what-you-get ( WYSIWYG ) editing is available , as in Vampire : The Masquerade - Redemption , changes may need to be verified in additional runs , and non-linear editing may be difficult .
Berkeley sees machinima as `` a strangely hybrid form , looking forwards and backwards , cutting edge and conservative at the same time '' .
Although other virtual theatrical performances have taken place in chat rooms and multi-user dungeons , machinima adds `` cinematic camera work '' .
Nitsche agrees that pre-recorded ( `` reel '' ) machinima tends to be linear and offers limited interactive storytelling ; he sees more opportunities in machinima performed live and with audience interaction .
Creators like Dutch director Chantal Harvey , producer of the 48 Hour Film Project Machinima sector , have created upwards of 200 films using the platform .
Popular genres include dance videos , comedy , and drama .
The Academy of Machinima Arts & Sciences ( AMAS ) , a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting machinima , recognizes exemplary productions through Mackie awards given at its annual Machinima Film Festival .
The director can use built-in camera controls , if available .
Machinima creators leave many rendering details to their host environments , but may thus inherit those environments ' limitations .
Harvey 's advocacy of the genre has resulted in the involvement of film director Peter Greenaway who served as a juror for the Machinima category and gave a keynote speech during the event .
To prevent confusion , Rooster Teeth 's characters move slightly when speaking , a convention shared with anime .
Strange Company produced its feature-length machinima film BloodSpell for less than # 10,000 .
Quake movie editing software later appeared , but the use of conventional non-linear video editing software is now common .
For example , Tristan Pope combined creative character and camera positioning with video editing to suggest sexual actions in his controversial film Not Just Another Love Story .
Machinima productions can remain close to their gaming roots and feature stunts or other portrayals of gameplay .
University of Cambridge experiments in 2002 and 2003 attempted to use machinima to re-create a scene from the 1942 live-action film Casablanca .
Kelland , Morris , and Lloyd list four main methods of creating machinima .
Some general film festivals accept machinima , and game companies , such as Epic Games , Blizzard Entertainment and Jagex , have sponsored contests involving it .
Pre-rendered scenes can require more digital storage space , weaken suspension of disbelief through contrast with real-time animation of normal gameplay , and limit interaction .
In digital puppetry , machinima creators become virtual actors ; each crew member controls a character in real-time , as in a multiplayer game .
The low cost caused a product manager for Electronic Arts to compare machinima to the low-budget independent film The Blair Witch Project , without the need for cameras and actors .
In the 2001 animated film Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within , every strand of hair on a character 's head was independent ; real-time needs would likely force them to be treated as a single unit .
A technique common in cut scenes of video games , scripting consists of giving precise directions to the game engine .
Explosions and stunts can be tried and repeated without monetary cost and risk of injury , and the host environment may allow unrealistic physical constraints .
Alternatively , some filmmakers attempt to stretch the boundaries of the rendering engines or to mask the original 3-D context .
Real-time engines need to trade quality for speed and use simpler algorithms and models .
However , Chris Burke intentionally hosts This Spartan Life in these unpredictable conditions , which are fundamental to the show .
Nitsche compared this experiment to an unpredictable Dogme 95 production .
When Diary of a Camper was created , no software tools existed to edit demo files into films .
In this respect , Kelland , Morris , and Lloyd compare scripting to stop-motion animation .
Filmmakers are often encouraged to follow traditional cinematic conventions , such as avoiding wide fields of view , the overuse of slow motion , and errors in visual continuity .
According to Marino , other disadvantages are the possibility of disruption when filming in an open multi-user environment and the temptation for puppeteers to play the game in earnest , littering the set with blood and dead bodies .
In the Halo video game series , helmets completely cover the characters ' faces .
Puppetry allows for improvisation and offers controls familiar to gamers , but requires more personnel than the other methods and is less precise than scripted recordings .
Machinima filming differed from traditional cinematography in that character expression was limited , but camera movements were more flexible and improvised .
Comparatively , machinimists using pre-made virtual platforms like Second Life have indicated that their productions can be made quite successfully with no cost at all .
From simple to advanced , these are : relying on the game 's AI to control most actions , digital puppetry , recamming , and precise scripting of actions .
Before using machinima , Burnie Burns and Matt Hullum of Rooster Teeth Productions spent US$ 9,000 to produce a live-action independent film ; in contrast , the four Xbox game consoles used to make Red vs. Blue in 2005 cost $ 600 .
Like live action , machinima is recorded in real-time , and real people can act and control the camera .
Another disadvantage is that , depending on the game , scripting capabilities may be limited or unavailable .
Other works filmed using puppetry are the ILL Clan 's improvisational comedy series On the Campaign Trail with Larry & Lenny Lumberjack and Rooster Teeth Productions ' Red vs. Blue .
In the post-production of Red vs. Blue : The Blood Gulch Chronicles , Rooster Teeth Productions added letterboxing with Adobe Premiere Pro to hide the camera player 's head-up display .
Berkeley weighs increased participation and a blurred line between producer and consumer against concerns that game copyrights limit commercialization and growth of machinima .
It may be possible to point the camera elsewhere or employ other creative cinematography or acting .
In recamming , which builds on puppetry , actions are first recorded to a game engine 's demo file format , not directly as video frames .
Previously , such virtual cinematic performances with live audience interaction were confined to research labs equipped with powerful computers .
However , some games , such as the Halo series , ( except for Halo PC and Custom Edition , which allow AI and custom objects and characters ) , allow filming only through puppetry .
In some cases , some game companies may provide such software ; examples include Epic Games ' Impersonator for Unreal Tournament 2004 and Valve Corporation 's Faceposer for Source games .
Otherwise , video is captured from the perspectives of one or more puppeteers who serve as camera operators .
For example , Phil South inserted single , completely white frames into his work No Licence to enhance the visual impact of explosions .
There , others playing in earnest may attack the host or his interviewee .
Without re-enacting scenes , artists can then manipulate the demo files to add cameras , tweak timing and lighting , and change the surroundings .
However , perfecting scripts can be time-consuming .
Unlike live action , machinima involves less expensive , digital special effects and sets , possibly with a science-fiction or historical theme .
Although simple to produce , AI-dependent results are unpredictable , thus complicating the realization of a preconceived film script .
Machinima is a digital medium based on 3-D computer games , but most works have a linear narrative structure .
This technique is limited to the few engines and software tools that support it .
Because game animations focus on dramatic rather than casual actions , the range of character emotions is often limited .
Some , such as Red vs. Blue and The Strangerhood , follow narrative conventions of television situational comedy .
Individual instances were selected at different times to produce appropriate actions .
Machinima can be less expensive than other forms of filmmaking .
In other 3-D animation methods , creators can control every frame and nuance of their characters but , in turn , must consider issues such as key frames and inbetweening .
The AMAS defines machinima as `` animated filmmaking within a real-time virtual 3-D environment '' .
Kelland , Morris , and Lloyd argue that improvement in consumer-grade graphics technology will allow more realism ; similarly , Paul Marino connects machinima to the increasing computing power predicted by Moore 's Law .
The winner spends a year traveling to represent the Miss World Organisation and its various causes .
Since his death in 2000 , Morley 's wife , Julia Morley , co-chairs the pageant .
Traditionally , Miss World lives in London during her reign .
Alongside its rivals Miss Universe and Miss Earth , this pageant is one of the most publicised beauty contests in the world .
Miss World is part of the Big Four international beauty pageants .
It was created in the United Kingdom by Eric Morley in 1951 .
The Miss World pageant is the oldest surviving major international beauty pageant .
Located in Yosemite Valley , the Yosemite Falls is the highest in North America at 2,425-foot ( 739 m ) .
The Curry Company and its rival , the Yosemite National Park Company , were forced to merge in 1925 to form the Yosemite Park & Curry Company ( YP&CC ) .
Within six months , two gay activist organizations were formed in New York , concentrating on confrontational tactics , and three newspapers were established to promote rights for gays and lesbians .
After the Stonewall riots , gays and lesbians in New York City faced gender , race , class , and generational obstacles to becoming a cohesive community .
Those that did were often bars , although bar owners and managers were rarely gay .
Tensions between New York City police and gay residents of Greenwich Village erupted into more protests the next evening , and again several nights later .
Within weeks , Village residents quickly organized into activist groups to concentrate efforts on establishing places for gays and lesbians to be open about their sexual orientation without fear of being arrested .
Very few establishments welcomed openly gay people in the 1950s and 1960s .
Today , Gay Pride events are held annually throughout the world toward the end of June to mark the Stonewall riots .
Within a few years , gay rights organizations were founded across the U.S. and the world .
At the time , the Stonewall Inn was owned by the Mafia .
These influences , along with the liberal environment of Greenwich Village , served as catalysts for the Stonewall riots .
It catered to an assortment of patrons and was known to be popular among the poorest and most marginalized people in the gay community : drag queens , representatives of a newly self-aware transgender community , effeminate young men , male prostitutes , and homeless youth .
Similar marches were organized in other cities .
Police raids on gay bars were routine in the 1960s , but officers quickly lost control of the situation at the Stonewall Inn .
The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous , violent demonstrations by members of the gay community against a police raid that took place in the early morning hours of June 28 , 1969 , at the Stonewall Inn in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of New York City .
On June 28 , 1970 , the first Gay Pride marches took place in New York , Los Angeles , Chicago commemorating the anniversary of the riots .
The last years of the 1960s , however , were very contentious , as many social movements were active , including the African American Civil Rights Movement , the Counterculture of the 1960s , and antiwar demonstrations .
Early homophile groups in the U.S. sought to prove that gay people could be assimilated into society , and they favored non-confrontational education for homosexuals and heterosexuals alike .
Gay Americans in the 1950s and 1960s faced a legal system more anti-homosexual than those of some Warsaw Pact countries .
Sir Joshua Reynolds PRA FRS FRSA ( \/ ˈrɛnəldz \/ ; 16 July 1723 - 23 February 1792 ) was an influential eighteenth-century English painter , specialising in portraits and promoting the `` Grand Style '' in painting which depended on idealization of the imperfect .
Critics include many Pre-Raphaelites , and William Blake who published the vitriolic Annotations to Sir Joshua Reynolds ' Discourses in 1808 .
The Oxford English Dictionary states that the first use of the term witch doctor to refer to African shamans ( i.e. medicine men ) was in 1836 in a book by Robert Montgomery Martin ( 1803 ?
The witch doctors ( a misnomer ) in Africa are known as sangomas in southern Africa .
Witchcraft-induced conditions were their area of expertise , as described in this 1858 news report from England : The Oxford English Dictionary states that the first record of the use of this term was in 1718 , in a book by Francis Hutchinson .
It is followed by the west apron and Terminal 1 , then the Munich Airport Center ( MAC ) , Terminal 2 and the east apron .
Terminal 1 currently handles all flights from airlines that are not members of Star Alliance .
In the Standard Model , the Higgs particle is a boson with no spin , electric charge , or color charge .
The Minimal Standard Model does not predict the mass of the Higgs boson .
There are two major fields of study , which are further subdivided : The National Geographic Society identifies five broad key themes for geographers :
Although geographers are historically known as people who make maps , map making is actually the field of study of cartography , a subset of geography .
A geographer is a scholar whose area of study is geography , the study of Earth 's natural environment and human society .
Each show 's taping included ( but was not necessarily limited to ) education , music , audience participation , games , interviews , and cartoon shorts .
Following the frequent turnover of hosts throughout the 1950s , Wonderama experienced its greatest viewership by way of one-time Baltimore kids ' show host Bob McAllister , who replaced Sonny Fox as host in 1967 and remained host until 1977 .
Wonderama also ran in five other markets in which Metromedia owned television stations : WTTG in Washington D.C. , KMBC-TV in Kansas City , KTTV in Los Angeles , WXIX-TV in Cincinnati , and WTCN-TV in Minneapolis - Saint Paul .
Wonderama is a long-running children 's television program that appeared on the Metromedia-owned stations from 1955 to 1986 , with WNEW-TV in New York City as its originating station .
The show ran three hours , and later two hours , on Sunday mornings .
Mutton was part of the failed Canadian bid to become the site of the new International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor ( ITER ) in 2003 .
First employed in 2001 to fund the South Courtice Arena and Recreation Complex , it is viewed as a cost-effective method to undertake large scale publicly funded projects .
Mutton returned to municipal politics in 2010 in an unsuccessful bid for appointment of Regional Chair , Durham Region .
He began his political career in 1997 as a Regional and Local Councillor of Clarington .
He is the youngest person to become mayor of Clarington and was one of the youngest Mayors in Canada .
After the loss of the project , Mutton championed for Darlington Nuclear Generating Station to become the site of a new nuclear facility in Ontario .
John Mutton ( born August 5 , 1966 ) is a former Mayor of Clarington , Ontario , Canada .
Mutton held office for 6 years ( 2000 - 2006 ) .
John Mutton was elected Mayor in 2000 at age 34 .
He lobbied for and supported the campaign to reform the position from an appointment to one that is elected .
During his time in office , a new method of financing new buildings through issue of debentures by municipal government was initiated .
Although they live in their natural environment , they are anthropomorphised , possessing their own culture , language ( Lapine ) , proverbs , poetry , and mythology .
Watership Down was Richard Adams ' first novel and it is by far his most successful to date .
Hazel sends a small embassy to Efrafa to present their request for does .
Infants are at the highest risk for SIDS during sleep .
Accidental suffocations are also sometimes misdiagnosed as SIDS and vice versa .
Grief support for families impacted by SIDS is particularly important because the death of the infant is typically sudden , without witnesses , and requires an investigation .
Infanticide and child abuse cases may be misdiagnosed as SIDS due to lack of evidence , and caretakers of infant with SIDS are sometimes falsely accused .
Sudden infant death syndrome ( SIDS ) also known as cot death or crib death is the sudden death of an infant that is not predicted by medical history and remains unexplained after a thorough forensic autopsy and detailed death scene investigation .
The election process is set out in Articles 4-19 of the ICJ statute .
The ICJ is composed of fifteen judges elected to nine-year terms by the UN General Assembly and the UN Security Council from a list of persons nominated by the national groups in the Permanent Court of Arbitration .
Articles 26-29 of the statute allow the Court to form smaller chambers , usually 3 or 5 judges , to hear cases .
He is also known for his role in the 2007 film Into the Wild , for which he was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award and an Academy Award .
Harold Rowe `` Hal '' Holbrook , Jr. ( born February 17 , 1925 ) is an American actor .
Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards Chicago Film Critics Association Awards Online Film Critics Society Awards Screen Actors Guild Awards Primetime Emmy Awards
According to Playbill , Holbrook 's first solo performance as Twain was at Lock Haven State Teachers College in Pennsylvania in 1954 .
His television roles include Abraham Lincoln in the 1976 TV series Lincoln , Hays Stowe on The Bold Ones : The Senator and Capt. Lloyd Bucher on Pueblo .
Holbrook won a Tony Award for the performance in 1966 .
After being abandoned by his parents at age two , he and his two sisters were raised by his paternal grandparents , first in South Weymouth , Massachusetts , and then in the Cleveland suburb of Lakewood .
They divorced in 1965 , and on December 28 , 1966 , he married Carol Eve Rossen .
On December 20 , 2007 , Holbrook was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for his work in the film .
Holbrook grew to love Dixie 's home in McLemoresville , Tennessee , and continues to retreat there from the busy life on the road and in Hollywood .
It was while at Yale that she wrote her first two books .
McCullough spent ten years from April 1967 to 1976 researching and teaching in the Department of Neurology at the Yale Medical School in New Haven , Connecticut , United States .
In 1984 a portrait of Colleen McCullough , painted by Wesley Walters , was a finalist in the Archibald Prize .
Instead , she switched to neuroscience and worked in Royal North Shore Hospital in Sydney .
The prize is awarded for the `` best portrait painting preferentially of some man or woman distinguished in Art , Letters , Science or Politics '' .
Colleen McCullough-Robinson , AO , is an Australian author , her best-known work being The Thorn Birds .
In 1963 she moved for four years to the United Kingdom ; at the Great Ormond Street hospital in London , she met the chairman of the neurology department at Yale University who offered her a research associate job at Yale .
Her mother was a New Zealander of part-Māori descent .
McCullough is a member of the New York Academy of Sciences and is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
In her first year of medical studies at the University of Sydney she suffered dermatitis from surgical soap and was told to abandon her dreams of becoming a medical doctor .
Before entering tertiary education , she previously earned a living as a teacher , librarian , and journalist .
The depth of historical research for the novels on ancient Rome led to her being awarded a Doctor of Letters degree by Macquarie University in 1993 .
McCullough was born in Wellington , in outback central west New South Wales , in 1937 to James and Laurie McCullough .
Her family eventually settled in Sydney , and she attended Holy Cross College , having a strong interest in the humanities .
The success of these books enabled her to give up her medical-scientific career and to try and `` live on her own terms '' In the late 1970s , after stints in London and Connecticut , USA , she finally settled on the isolation of Norfolk Island in the Pacific , where she met her husband , Ric Robinson ( then aged 33 ) , whom she married on 13 April 1983 ( she was aged 46 ) .
She now lives in Norfolk Island .
During her childhood , her family moved around a great deal , and she was also `` a voracious reader '' .
They also differentiated between harmful and harmless apostasy ( also known as major and minor apostasy ) in accepting repentance .
The Drug in Me Is You is the debut studio album by American post-hardcore band Falling in Reverse .
Israel has a three-tier court system .
The Mishnah and part of the Talmud , central Jewish texts , were composed during the 2nd to 4th centuries CE in Tiberias and Jerusalem .
The Israeli Premier League is the country 's premier football league , and the Israeli Basketball Super League is the premier basketball league .
Israel is served by two international airports , Ben Gurion International Airport , the country 's main hub for international air travel near Tel Aviv-Yafo , Ovda Airport in the south , as well as several small domestic airports .
The Prime Minister serves as head of government and the Knesset serves as Israel 's unicameral legislative body .
Israel 's financial center is Tel Aviv , while Jerusalem is the country 's most populous city and its designated capital , though internationally Jerusalem is not considered to be a part of Israel .
is a 2004 real-time strategy video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube video game console .
The game is the direct sequel to the 2001 game Pikmin and is the second game in the Pikmin series .
There is no connecting term involved , to indicate the rank Paraserianthes sect .
Bellis perennis is the name of a species , with perennis the specific epithet .
The purpose of a formal name is to have a single name that is accepted and used worldwide for a particular plant or plant group .
A name of a `` subdivision of a genus '' also needs a connecting term ( in the Acacia example above , this is `` subg . ''
In botany there are many ranks below that of species ( in zoology there is only one such rank , subspecies , so that this `` connecting term '' is unnecessary there ) .
The cultivar Bellis perennis ` Aucubifolia ' is a golden-variegated horticultural selection of this species .
pontica ( a Mediterranean hawthorn ) A name in three parts , i.e. , an infraspecific name ( a name for a taxon below the rank of species ) needs a `` connecting term '' to indicate rank .
The connecting term is not part of the name itself .
americana ( American hedge bindweed ) Crataegus azarolus var .
Later it has been introduced worldwide , bringing it into contact with more languages .
In the Calystegia example above , this is `` subsp . ''
For botanical nomenclature , the ICN prescribes a two-part name or binary name for any taxon below the rank of genus down to , and including the rank of species .
Depending on rank , botanical names may be in one part ( genus and above ) , two parts ( species and above , but below the rank of genus ) or three parts ( below the rank of species ) : in one part Plantae ( the plants ) Marchantiophyta ( the liverworts ) Magnoliopsida ( class including the family Magnoliaceae ) Liliidae ( subclass including the family Liliaceae ) Pinophyta ( the conifers ) Fagaceae ( the beech family ) Betula ( the birch genus ) in two parts Acacia subg .
A botanical name is a formal scientific name conforming to the International Code of Nomenclature for algae , fungi , and plants ( ICN ) and , if it concerns a plant cultigen , the additional cultivar and\/or Group epithets must conform to the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants ( ICNCP ) .
Taxa below the rank of species get a three part ( infraspecific name ) .
The code of nomenclature covers `` all organisms traditionally treated as algae , fungi , or plants , whether fossil or non-fossil , including blue-green algae ( Cyanobacteria ) ... , chytrids , oomycetes , slime moulds and photosynthetic protists with their taxonomically related non-photosynthetic groups ( but excluding Microsporidia ) . ''
The ranks explicitly mentioned in the ICN as having a binary name are : A binary name consists of the name of a genus and an epithet .
For example , the botanical name Bellis perennis denotes a plant species which is native to most of the countries of Europe and the Middle East , where it has accumulated various names in many languages .
English names for this plant species include : daisy , English daisy , and lawn daisy .
Phyllodineae ( the wattles ) Berberis thunbergii ( Japanese barberry ) in three parts Calystegia sepium subsp .
( for subspecies ) .
Indeed , presently no single morphological property is known , which would unify all the members of Laurales .
The order includes about 2500-2800 species from 85-90 genera , which comprise seven families of trees and shrubs .
The Laurales are an order of flowering plants .
Most of the species are tropical and subtropical , though a few genera reach the temperate zone .
The earliest lauraceous fossils are from to the early Cretaceous .
The best known species in this order are those of the Lauraceae ( for example bay laurel , cinnamon , avocado , and Sassafras ) , and the ornamental shrub Calycanthus of the Calycanthaceae .
The presently accepted classification is based on molecular and genetic analysis .
Ian David Karslake Watkins ( born 30 July 1977 ) is a Welsh musician who achieved prominence as a founding member , lead vocalist and lyricist of the rock band Lostprophets .
Watkins was born in Merthyr Tydfil and later moved to Pontypridd , where he attended Hawthorn High School with future bandmate Mike Lewis .
Having abandoned Aftermath , which made two live appearances in its lifespan of two years , Watkins and Gaze decided to form a new band called Fleshbind , based on their American hardcore punk influences .
Lettuce , tomatoes , feta , and olives are the most standard elements in an American-style Greek salad , but cucumbers , peperoncini , bell peppers , onions , radishes , dolmades , anchovies\/sardines and pickled hot peppers are common .
Rather than simple olive oil and vinegar , as in a normal Greek lettuce salad , prepared dressings containing various herbs and seasonings are frequently employed .
In Detroit for example , a Greek salad also includes beets , and in the Tampa Bay Area it often includes potato salad .
Various other salads have also been called `` Greek '' in the English language in the last century , including some with no apparent connection to Greek cuisine .
In these countries , the true Greek salad , when encountered , may be called by the Greek term horiatiki or by such terms as `` country salad '' , `` peasant salad '' , or `` village salad '' , to avoid confusion .
This style of Greek salad is rarely encountered in Greece .
The term `` Greek salad '' can also be used in North America , Australia , South Africa , and the United Kingdom to refer to a lettuce salad with Greek-inspired ingredients , dressed with oil and vinegar .
Greek salad of varying degrees of authenticity is also found in other European countries , such as Germany ( where it is often called Bauernsalat ) , France ( salade à la Grecque ) , Hungary ( görög saláta ) , Poland ( sałatka grecka ) , Spain ( ensalada Griega ) and Croatia , Serbia , Bosnia-Herzegovina , Macedonia , and Montenegro ( grčka salata ) , Turkey ( '' Çoban salatası '' ) .
Greek salad is made with pieces of tomatoes , sliced cucumbers , onion , feta cheese , and olives ( usually Kalamata olives ) , typically seasoned with salt and oregano , and dressed with olive oil .
These include : the above-mentioned marouli ( lettuce ) salad with lettuce , onion and dill ; cabbage salad ( `` slaw '' ) ( Lahanosalata ) , dressed with olive oil and lemon juice and garlic ; beetroot salad ( pantzarosalata ) , boiled and sliced beetroots , sometimes with beet greens as well , dressed with olive oil and red wine vinegar ; roka ( rocket ) salad , arugula dressed with olive oil and red wine vinegar or lemon juice , possibly including anchovies ; patatosalata , potato salad with olive oil , finely sliced onions , lemon juice or vinegar ; revithosalata , chickpea salad ; and maintanouri , parsley salad , usually used as a condiment .
There are many other salads in Greek cuisine .
As such , the FARC has been classified as a terrorist organization by the governments of Colombia , the United States , Canada , Chile , New Zealand , and the European Union ; whereas the governments of Venezuela , Brazil , Argentina , Ecuador , and Nicaragua do n't .
In 1964 , the FARC-EP were established as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party ( Partido Comunista Colombiano , PCC ) , after the Colombian military attacked rural Communist enclaves in the aftermath of The Violence ( La Violencia , ca .
There is , however , occasional confusion with similarly named actress Vanessa A. Williams , who is just two months younger .
The Screen Actors Guild eventually took the issue to arbitration and decided that both actresses could use the professional name `` Vanessa Williams '' .
Her second studio album The Comfort Zone in 1991 topped the Billboard R&B Album Chart , which spawned the Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit `` Save the Best for Last '' .
A DNA test revealed that her ancestry is 23 % from Ghana , 17 % from the British Isles , 15 % from Cameroon\/Congolese , 12 % Finnish , 11 % Southern European , 7 % Togo , 6 % Benin , 5 % Senegal and 4 % Portuguese .
When Williams appeared as Miss America in a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade , Vanessa A. accidentally received her check for the appearance , which she returned .
It has been reported that Williams first became aware of Vanessa A. in the 1980s when her New York University registrar told her that another , similarly aged student with the same name and from the same state had applied .
Vanessa Lynn Williams ( born March 18 , 1963 ) , known professionally as Vanessa L. Williams or Vanessa Williams , is an American singer , actress , producer and former fashion model .
From 2006 to 2010 , she played the role of the scheming , self-absorbed diva and former supermodel Wilhelmina Slater in the ABC comedy series Ugly Betty , for which she received three Emmy Awards nominations .
From 2010 to 2012 , she starred in Desperate Housewives as spoiled rich woman Renee Perry .
Today , the younger Vanessa Williams is most often publicly and professionally referenced as `` Vanessa A. Williams '' .
In 2009 , Williams released her eighth studio album , The Real Thing .
She is credited as such in the American television series Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives .
Williams is also the owner of the internet domain name vanessawilliams.com .
She also starred in the movies Soul Food , Dance with Me , The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland , Shaft and Johnson Family Vacation .
In 1995 she recorded `` Colors of the Wind '' , the Oscar-winner for Best Original Song from the Disney animated feature film Pocahontas , which reached No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Williams released her debut album The Right Stuff in 1988 , which spawned the hits `` The Right Stuff '' , a No. 1 on Hot Dance Songs , and `` Dreamin ' '' a No. 1 on R&B and No. 8 on Billboard Hot 100 .
Vanessa A. had registered the name `` Vanessa Williams '' first , so as a compromise , Williams was occasionally credited as `` Vanessa L. Williams '' in acting credits .
She relinquished her title early and was succeeded by the first runner-up , Suzette Charles of New Jersey .
In 2012 she began starring in the ABC supernatural drama series 666 Park Avenue .
In 1983 , she became the first African-American woman crowned Miss America , but a scandal arose when Penthouse magazine bought and published nude photographs of her .
Today , Williams ' prominence has led to a more prevailing association with the stage name `` Vanessa Williams '' , so much so that it has widely become solely attributable to her .
Williams is most often referenced and publicly recognized simply as `` Vanessa Williams '' .
To compound the confusion , both actresses starred in versions of the drama Soul Food ( Williams in the film version , and Vanessa A. in its TV series adaptation ) .
In 1994 she debuted on Broadway in the musical Kiss of the Spider Woman .
In the area of acting , the two ran into name conflict when Screen Actors Guild rules prohibited duplicate stage naming .
Williams 's first major film role was as the female lead in the film Eraser in 1996 .
Williams was born in Millwood , New York , the daughter of music teachers Helen L. ( née Tinch ) and Milton Augustine Williams , Jr. .
Williams rebounded by launching a career as an entertainer , earning multiple Grammy , Emmy , and Tony Award nominations .
She stated : Williams broadened her ascendant music career into a theatrical role when she was cast in the Broadway production of Kiss of the Spider Woman in 1994 .
Cynodontia is one of the most diverse groups of therapsids .
The group includes modern mammals as well as their extinct ancestors and close relatives .
Live is a live album by American recording artist Usher .
Live reached number 73 on the Billboard 200 , number 30 on the Top R&B Albums and number 3 on the Top Music Videos .
It was recorded on October 15 and 16 , 1998 in the singer 's hometown of Chattanooga , Tennessee , and released by LaFace Records on March 23 , 1999 .
The album has sold over 200,000 copies in the United States , and both the audio and video versions have been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) .
Live was released in the United States by LaFace Records on March 23 , 1999 by means of compact disc , cassette and VHS formats ; along with the concert footage , the VHS features interviews with Usher .
Live received generally negative reviews from critics ; many criticized the poor live sound of Usher 's voice on the album .
The video longform version of Live entered the US Top Music Videos chart at number four on the chart of April 10 , 1999 .
The gene in question , when mutated , makes the Drosophila flies look unusual .
On the other hand , mice express TLRs 11 , 12 , and 13 , none of which is represented in humans .
This identified TLR4 as one of the key components of the receptor for LPS .
TLR signaling ultimately leads to the induction or suppression of genes that orchestrate the inflammatory response .
Toll-like receptors are now counted among the key molecules that alert the immune system to the presence of microbial infections .
Other mammals may express TLRs that are not found in humans .
They receive their name from their similarity to the protein coded by the Toll gene identified in Drosophila in 1985 by Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard .
It has been estimated that most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of Toll-like receptors .
TLR 4 function as an LPS sensing receptor was discovered by Bruce A. Beutler and colleagues .
In 1996 , Toll was found by Jules A. Hoffmann and his colleagues to have an essential role in the fly 's immunity to fungal infection , which it achieved by activating the synthesis of antimicrobial peptides .
Toll-like receptors ( TLRs ) are a class of proteins that play a key role in the innate immune system as well as the digestive system .
These workers used positional cloning to prove that mice that could not respond to LPS had mutations that abolished the function of TLR4 .
Once these microbes have breached physical barriers such as the skin or intestinal tract mucosa , they are recognized by TLRs , which activate immune cell responses .
For example , a gene coding for a protein analogous to TLR10 in humans is present in mice , but appears to have been damaged at some point in the past by a retrovirus .
The plant homologs were discovered by Pamela Ronald in 1995 ( rice XA21 ) and Thomas Boller in 2000 ( Arabidopsis FLS2 ) .
Thirteen TLRs ( named simply TLR1 to TLR13 ) have been identified in humans and mice together , and equivalent forms of many of these have been found in other mammalian species .
In all , thousands of genes are activated by TLR signaling , and collectively , the TLRs constitute one of the most pleiotropic yet tightly regulated gateways for gene modulation .
TLRs are present in vertebrates , as well as in invertebrates .
Weill became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1943 .
Weill fled Nazi Germany in March 1933 .
In 1934 he completed his Symphony No. 2 , his last purely orchestral work , conducted in Amsterdam and New York by Bruno Walter , and also the music for Jacques Deval 's play , Marie Galante .
A prominent and popular Jewish composer , Weill was officially denounced for his populist views and sympathies , and became a target of the Nazi authorities , who criticized and interfered with performances of his later stage works , such as Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny ( Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny , 1930 ) , Die Bürgschaft ( 1932 ) , and Der Silbersee ( 1933 ) .
He was a leading composer for the stage who was best known for his fruitful collaborations with Bertolt Brecht .
With Brecht , he developed productions such as his best-known work The Threepenny Opera , which included the ballad `` Mack the Knife '' .
At Kaiser 's house in Grünheide , Weill also first met the actress and future wife Lotte Lenya in summer 1924 .
With no option but to leave Germany , he went first to Paris , where he worked once more with Brecht ( after a project with Jean Cocteau failed ) on the ballet The Seven Deadly Sins .
In Germany and Austria , there is a large variety of bread rolls , ranging from white rolls made with wheat flour , to dark rolls containing mostly rye flour .
Many variants include spices , such as coriander and cumin , nuts ; or seeds , such as sesame seeds , poppy seed or sunflower seeds .
There are many names for bread rolls , especially in local dialects of British English .
They are equally common in both Australia and New Zealand , and very common in Canada .
An Italian form is a small loaf of ciabatta which can be used to make a panino ( or panini in plural ) .
In Sweden they are called ( frukost ) bullar ( `` breakfast buns '' ) , in Denmark and Norway rundstykker ( literally `` round pieces '' ) and are comfort food eaten with butter and any kind of topping ( marmalade , cheese , ham , salami ) for special weekend breakfasts .
Over time , most people have come to use one name to refer to all similar products regardless of whether or not it is technically correct by the old terms .
The different terms originated from bakers , who labeled different bread rolls depending on how they made the dough and how they were cooked .
It is the most visited national park in the United States .
In addition , the park has over 1,400 flowering plant species and over 4,000 species of non-flowering plants .
Park officials count more than 200 species of birds , 66 species of mammals , 50 species of fish , 39 species of reptiles , and 43 species of amphibians , including many lungless salamanders .
Over 100 species of trees grow in the park .
There are 850 miles ( 1,368 km ) of trails and unpaved roads in the park for hiking , including seventy miles of the Appalachian Trail .
The Great Smoky Mountains National Park is a major tourist attraction in the region .
The lower region forests are dominated by deciduous leafy trees .
Within the park a total of sixteen mountains reach higher than 6,000 feet ( 1829 m ) .
Elevations in the park range from 876 feet ( 267 m ) at the mouth of Abrams Creek to 6,643 feet ( 2,025 m ) at the summit of Clingmans Dome .
Great Smoky Mountains National Park is a United States National Park and UNESCO World Heritage Site that straddles the ridgeline of the Great Smoky Mountains , part of the Blue Ridge Mountains , which are a division of the larger Appalachian Mountain chain .
In addition to day hiking , the national park offers opportunities for backpacking and camping .
At higher altitudes , deciduous forests give way to coniferous trees like Fraser Fir .
This park was designated an International Biosphere Reserve in 1976 , was certified as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 , and became a part of the Southern Appalachian Biosphere Reserve in 1988 .
A bit is a type of horse tack used in equestrian activities , usually made of metal or a synthetic material , and is placed in the mouth of a horse or other equid and assists a rider in communicating with the animal .
The mouthpiece of the bit does not rest on the teeth of the horse , but rather rests on the gums or `` bars '' of the horse 's mouth in an interdental space behind the front incisors and in front of the back molars .
It is held on a horse 's head by means of a bridle and has reins attached for use by a rider .
A Cocos dialect of Malay and English are the main languages spoken , and 80 % of Cocos Islanders are Sunni Muslim .
In the 1970s , the Australian government 's dissatisfaction with the Clunies-Ross feudal style of rule of the island increased .
By agreement , the family retained ownership of Oceania House , their home on the island .
In 1978 , Australia forced the family to sell the islands for the sum of A$ 6,250,000 , using the threat of compulsory acquisition .
On 23 November 1955 , the islands were transferred to Australian control under the Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands Act 1955 ( an Australian Act ) pursuant to the Cocos Islands Act , 1955 ( a UK Act ) .
The following year the High Court of Australia ruled that resumption of Oceania House was unlawful , but the Australian government ordered that no government business was to be granted to Clunies-Ross 's shipping company , an action that contributed to his bankruptcy .
However , in 1983 , the Australian government reneged on this agreement , and told John Clunies-Ross that he should leave the Cocos .
The Territory of the Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands , also called Cocos Islands and Keeling Islands , is a territory of Australia , located in the Indian Ocean , southwest of Christmas Island and approximately midway between Australia and Sri Lanka .
The territory consists of two atolls and 27 coral islands , of which two , West Island and Home Island , are inhabited with a total population of approximately 600 .
However , some members of the Clunies-Ross family still live on the Cocos .
The Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands have fifteen kilometres of highway .
Oak trees are a flowering plant .
This musky odor is used to attract females during mating season .
Fossil DNA evidence suggests muskoxen were not only more geographically widespread during the Pleistocene , but also more genetically diverse .
During that time , other populations of muskoxen lived across the Arctic , from the Ural Mountains to Greenland .
Along with the bison and the pronghorn , the muskox was one of a few species of Pleistocene megafauna in North America to survive the Pleistocene\/Holocene extinction event and live to the present day .
Muskoxen primarily live in the Canadian Arctic and Greenland , with small introduced populations in Sweden , Siberia , Norway , and Alaska .
The muskox ( Ovibos moschatus , also spelled musk ox and musk-ox ) is an Arctic mammal of the family Bovidae , noted for its thick coat and for the strong odor emitted by males , from which its name derives .
2008 ( MMVIII ) was a leap year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar , the 2008th year of the Common Era ( CE ) and Anno Domini ( AD ) designations , the 8th year of the 3rd millennium , the 8th year of the 21st century , and the 9th year of the 2000s decade .
From all causes , roughly 150,000 people die around the world each day .
He recognized that the length of the solar year is 365.2417 days .
It was used from 1684-1753 .
Shirakawa discovered errors in the traditional Chinese calendar , the Semmyō calendar , which had been in use for 800 years .
The Jōkyō-reki system was developed and explained by Shibukawa Shunkai .
Rogers was born on January 8 , 1902 , in Oak Park , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago .
Carl Ransom Rogers ( January 8 , 1902 - February 4 , 1987 ) was an influential American psychologist and among the founders of the humanistic approach ( or client-centered approach ) to psychology .
He listed the characteristics of a fully functioning person ( Rogers 1961 ) : Rogers identified the `` real self '' as the aspect of one 's being that is founded in the actualizing tendency , follows organismic valuing , needs and receives positive regard and self-regard .
It is `` one of novelist Mikhail Bulgakov 's most beloved stories '' featuring a stray dog `` named Sharik who takes human form '' as a slovenly and narcissistic incarnation of the New Soviet Man .
Overjoyed , the dog follows Filip back to his flat , where he is given the stock dog name , Sharik .
When Sharikov returns , the Professor and Bormenthal order him to leave the flat permanently .
At the house , Sharik gets to know Dr. Preobrazhensky 's household , which includes Doctor Bormenthal , Professor 's student and protegé and two female servants .
Instead of giving them their own room as Sharikov demands , the Professor takes the woman aside and explains that Sharikov is the product of a lab experiment gone horribly wrong .
To his surprise , successful surgeon Filip Filippovich Preobrazhensky arrives and offers the dog a piece of sausage .
Bormenthal then suggests that they redo the operation , using the body of a genius .
In conclusion , the Professor refuses to permit Sharikov 's murder or to undo the operation , which could easily kill him as well .
Again Bormenthal beats Sharikov up and makes him promise not to do anything of the sort .
Soon after Sharikov brings home a female co-worker , whom he introduces to the Professor as his common law wife .
In the aftermath , the fully canine Sharik blissfully resumes his status as a gentleman 's dog .
Soon after , Sharikov returns , explaining that he has been granted a job by the Soviet State .
Later , Bormenthal begs the Professor for permission to dose Sharikov with arsenic , calling him a man with `` the heart of a dog '' .
Over the days that follow , the Professor and Bormenthal look far more relaxed than at any time before Sharikov 's arrival .
As a result , Sharikov curses in front of women , refuses to shave , and dresses like a complete slob .
Instead , Sharikov refuses and draws a revolver .
That night , an ominous silence reigns in the flat and the lights are left on for many hours after bedtime .
Again the Professor refuses , explaining that the operation was meant to improve the Human race .
Breaking with his former beliefs , the Professor admits that any peasant woman could give birth to a genius and that eugenics are therefore a waste of time .
Infuriated , Sharikov leaves the apartment and remains gone for several days .
Explaining that nothing is going to happen to him due to the State 's distrust of Sharikov , the Party official departs .
Impressed by his new master , Sharik slips easily into the role of `` a gentleman 's dog '' .
In the aftermath , the Professor and Bormenthal patiently attempt to teach Sharikov basic etiquette .
During the weeks after the operation , the household is stunned as Sharik begins transforming into an incredibly unkempt human .
The Professor is horrified and orders Bormenthal not to `` slander the dog '' .
Meanwhile , Sharikov progressively turns the Professor 's life into a living hell .
Enraged , Bormenthal beats Sharikov up and forces him to apologize .
The Professor explains the change as a natural phenomenon , although it is obvious to the reader that he and Bormenthal have simply reversed the operation .
The following day , a senior Party official arrives and informs the Professor that Sharikov has denounced him to the secret police , or CHEKA .
Enraged , the Professor and Bormenthal pounce upon him .
Unintimidated , the Professor orders Bormenthal to summon Sharikov , who is changing back into a dog .
Instead , Sharikov mocks manners as a relic of Tsarism .
As a result , he refuses to decrease his seven room flat and treats the Bolsheviks on the housing committee , led by Schwonder , with unveiled contempt .
He insists that it is better to behave , `` naturally . ''
Despite the Professor 's vocal anti-communism , his frequent medical treatment of the RCP ( b ) leadership makes him untouchable .
Moscow , 1924 .
He now spends his work-day strangling stray cats .
He explains that the human body parts , which came from a homeless drunkard with Bolshevik sympathies , are responsible for all of Sharikov 's defects .
However , he is soon terrified to see the Professor bringing home a human brain and removing the pituitary gland ... The novel has been interpreted both as a satire on the Communist attempts to create a New Soviet man and as a criticism of eugenics .
Its publication was initially prohibited in the Soviet Union but circulated in samizdat until it was officially released in the country in 1987 .
As Bormenthal assists , the Professor trepans Sharik 's skull and gives him a human pituitary gland .
Later , he is caught attempting to sexually assault one of the female servants .
It 's generally interpreted as an allegory of the Communist revolution and `` the revolution 's misguided attempt to radically transform mankind . ''
There , he is sedated and an operation begins .
Seething with hatred , Sharikov vows to have her fired .
As a seething Sharik plots to again destroy the Professor 's stuffed owl , the door opens and he is dragged by the scruff of the neck into the lab .
Today hair hood dryers are mainly found in hair salons .
Thin periodicals called comic books appeared in the 1930s , at first reprinting newspaper comic strips ; by the end of the decade , original content began to dominate .
Common forms of comics include comic strips , editorial and gag cartoons , and comic books .
Several details of its decoration , particularly the ` syncopated arches ' and the use of Purbeck marble shafts , reflect the influence of St Hugh 's Choir at Lincoln Cathedral , built a few years earlier .
Northwold 's chancel , completed by around 1252 , adopted several of the stylistic elements already used in the Galilee porch .
A Galilee porch was added under Bishop Eustace ( 1198-1215 ) in the Early English Gothic style .
The main transepts were built early on , crossing the nave below a central tower , and are the oldest surviving part of the cathedral .
The Anglo-Saxon church was demolished , but some of its relics , such as the remains of its benefactors , were moved to the cathedral .
Construction work continued throughout the 12th century .
Under Bishop Northwold , work began on a new eastern end in 1234 , replacing the short Norman chancel with a much grander 10-bay structure .
The Western transepts and tower were completed under Bishop Ridel ( 1174-89 ) in an exuberant Romanesque style with a rich decoration of intersecting arches and complex mouldings .
After the end of her second marriage to Ecgfrith , a prince of Northumbria , she set up and ruled a monastery at Ely in 673 , and , when she died , a shrine was built there to her memory .
It was originally a two-storey structure ( it was opened up into a single vaulted space in the 18th century ) where liturgical processions could gather before entering the nave .
It is known locally as `` the ship of the Fens '' , because of its prominent shape that towers above the surrounding flat and watery landscape .
Ely Cathedral ( in full , The Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Ely ) is the principal church of the Diocese of Ely , in Cambridgeshire , England , and is the seat of the Bishop of Ely and a suffragan bishop , the Bishop of Huntingdon .
The present cathedral was started by Abbot Simeon ( 1082-1094 , brother of Walkelin , the then bishop of Winchester ) under William I in 1083 .
Note : GP = Games Played , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against , PIM = Penalty Minutes , Pts = Points Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold .
The 1939-40 NHL season was the 23rd season for the National Hockey League .
Series A : Boston Bruins vs. New York Rangers Rangers win best of seven series 4 games to 2 Series B : Chicago Black Hawks vs. Toronto Maple Leafs Toronto wins best of three series 2 games to 0 Series C : New York Americans vs. Detroit Red Wings Detroit wins best of three series 2 games to 1 Series D : Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs Toronto wins best of three series 2 games to 0 Toronto Maple Leafs vs. New York Rangers New York wins best of seven series 4 games to 2 Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points Source : NHL Note : GP = Games played ; Min - Minutes Played ; GA = Goals Against ; GAA = Goals Against Average ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; SO = Shutouts Playoffs Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points ; PIM = Penalty Minutes Note : GP = Games played ; Min - Minutes Played ; GAA = Goals Against Average ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; SO = Shutouts
Coronel Fabriciano is a town and municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .
In 2011 , HelenOS participated in the Google Summer of Code as a mentoring organization .
HelenOS is an operating system based on a multiserver microkernel design .
The source code of HelenOS is published under a BSD License .
John Bodkin Adams ( 21 January 1899 - 4 July 1983 ) was an Irish general practitioner , convicted fraudster and suspected serial killer .
Of these , 132 left him money or items in their wills .
The trial was featured in headlines around the world and was described at the time as `` one of the greatest murder trials of all time '' and `` murder trial of the century '' .
John was their first son , followed by a brother William Samuel in 1903 .
In 1914 Adams 's father died of a stroke .
He was tried and acquitted for the murder of one patient in 1957 .
It is named for Corio Bay .
The Division of Corio is an Australian electoral division in the state of Victoria .
The division has always been based on the city of Geelong , although in the past it has also included parts of the western suburbs of Melbourne .
Its most prominent members have been Richard Casey , a leading Cabinet member in the 1930s and later Governor-General ; Hubert Opperman , a former cycling champion and a minister in the Menzies government ; and Gordon Scholes , who was Speaker during the Whitlam government and a minister in the Hawke government .
The division one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election .
Living in rural Michigan and struggling financially he made art from what was available ( Portland cement , scraps of lumber , pieces of plywood ) .
An exhibition organized by the John and Mable Ringing Museum in Sarasota and shared with the Norton Gallery in West Palm Springs followed a year later .
The first real recognition of his work began in 1966 with a retrospective exhibition mounted by the Grand Rapids Art Museum .
This exhibition brought Dawson to the attention of Robert Schoelkopf who showed his work in New York in April 1969 and March 1981 .
When Dawson was diagnosed with cancer in 1968 , he sold the Michigan farm and moved to Sarasota permanently .
He met Lilian Boucher , the daughter of a local farmer , and fell in love .
Sheets of composite wood ( brand names Novoply and Timblend ) were laminated together for thickness and carved into freestanding sculptures .
In 1914 , Dawson participated in two group exhibitions .
They married in July 1915 and three children were born over the next five years .
He died on August 15 , 1969 .
He departed in mid-June 1910 for his only trip abroad .
Disembarking in Liverpool , he made his way across England to France , south through Germany , across Switzerland to Italy , back north for a second stay in Paris , and around northern Germany before embarking from Bremerhaven in late-November .
Manierre Dawson ( December 22 , 1887 , Chicago , Illinois - August 15 , 1969 , Sarasota , Florida ) was a painter and sculptor born and raised in Chicago , Illinois , but lived most of his life in Michigan .
After a year with the firm he was granted a six-month leave-of-absence for an educational tour of Europe .
In Siena , he met and exchanged ideas on painting with John Singer Sargent .
Fueled by his tour of Europe and meeting Davies , 1911 through 1914 were the most productive years of his career .
During his return visit to Paris he attended a Saturday evening soiree at the apartment of Gertrude Stein and he saw paintings by Paul Cézanne in the gallery of Ambrose Vollard .
Summers spent at the family 's retreat in southern Mason County , Michigan , near Ludington , were his most productive periods during his early career and provided rudimentary knowledge of growing and marketing fruit so , in the fall of 1914 , he moved there permanently .
Curie became Doctor of Science in 1925 .
Irène Joliot-Curie ( 12 September 1897 - 17 March 1956 ) was a French scientist , the daughter of Marie Curie and Pierre Curie and the wife of Frédéric Joliot-Curie .
Her doctoral thesis was concerned with the alpha rays of polonium , the element discovered by her parents ( along with radium ) and named after Marie 's country of birth , Poland .
However , she still found time for scientific work and in 1946 became director of her mother 's Institut du Radium ( Radium Institute ) .
Included in the standard works are the Bible , the Book of Mormon , the Doctrine and Covenants , and the Pearl of Great Price .
Brigham Young took Smith 's advice and led his followers , known in modern times as the Mormon pioneers , to Nebraska and then in 1847 to what became the Utah Territory .
The current president is Thomas S. Monson .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( the LDS Church or , informally , the Mormon Church ) is a Christian restorationist church that considers itself to be the restoration of the church founded by Jesus Christ .
The Book of Mormon is said by the church to be `` Another Testament of Jesus Christ '' that Joseph Smith translated from buried golden plates .
The Dalmatian is often used as a rescue dog , guardian , athletic partner , most often an active family member , and can be used as a fire dog .
The Dalmatian is a mid-sized , well-defined , muscular dog with excellent endurance and stamina .
Following are some of Estes ' claimed values for specific impulses for several of their rocket motors : Estes Industries is a large , well-known American seller of model rocket components .
In this regard a propellant is more efficient if the specific impulse is higher .
The specific impulse for these model rocket motors is much lower than for many other rocket motors because the manufacturer uses black powder propellant and emphasizes safety rather than maximum performance .
Here are some example numbers for larger jet and rocket engines : Specific impulse is also used to measure performance in model rocket motors .
However , if propellant weight is used instead , an impulse divided by a force ( weight ) turns out to be a unit of time , and so specific impulses are measured in seconds .
This allows for a better match between the airspeed and the exhaust speed which saves energy\/propellant and enormously increases the effective exhaust velocity while reducing the actual exhaust velocity .
Specific impulse is a useful value to compare engines , much like miles per gallon or liters per 100 kilometers is used for cars .
If mass is used , specific impulse is an impulse per unit mass , which dimensional analysis shows to be a unit of speed , and so specific impulses are often measured in meters per second and are often termed effective exhaust velocity .
Specific impulse ( usually abbreviated Isp ) is a way to describe the efficiency of rocket and jet engines .
If the `` amount '' of propellant is given in terms of mass ( such as in kilograms ) , then specific impulse has units of velocity .
Indie rock is a genre of alternative rock that originated in the United Kingdom and the United States in the 1980s .
The terms `` alternative rock '' and `` indie rock '' were used interchangeably in the 1980s , but after many alternative bands followed Nirvana into the mainstream in the early 1990s , `` indie rock '' began to be used to describe those bands , working in a variety of styles , that did not pursue or achieve commercial success .
It only has a few taste buds in the back of its throat .
Mating begins between May and August , and the eggs are laid in September .
Komodo dragons are carnivores .
The Komodo dragon ( Varanus komodoensis ) , also known as the Komodo monitor , is a large species of lizard found in the Indonesian islands of Komodo , Rinca , Flores , Gili Motang , and Padar .
It also has a long , yellow , deeply forked tongue .
The scales around the ears , lips , chin , and soles of the feet may have three or more sensory plaques .
They take about eight to 9 years to mature , and are estimated to live up to 30 years .
Komodo dragons were first recorded by Western scientists in 1910 .
The Komodo dragon is also known as the Komodo monitor or the Komodo Island monitor in scientific literature , although this is not very common .
The Komodo dragon is able to see in color , but has poor visual discrimination of stationary objects .
This creates an ideal culture for the bacteria that live in its mouth .
Young Komodo dragons are vulnerable and therefore dwell in trees , safe from predators and cannibalistic adults .
The Komodo dragon uses its tongue to detect , taste , and smell stimuli , as with many other reptiles , with the vomeronasal sense using the Jacobson 's organ , rather than using the nostrils .
They are protected under Indonesian law , and a national park , Komodo National Park , was founded to aid protection efforts .
Its saliva is frequently blood-tinged , because its teeth are almost completely covered by gingival tissue that is naturally lacerated during feeding .
The Komodo dragon has a tail as long as its body , as well as about 60 frequently replaced , serrated teeth that can measure up to 2.5 cm ( 1 in ) in length .
Komodo dragons take approximately three to five years to mature , and may live for up to 50 years .
His final recordings were made in 1980 .
He also recorded for Blind Pig Records during this period .
In the 1930s he played with various blues performers across the Mississippi delta region .
Walter Horton , better known as Big Walter Horton or Walter `` Shakey '' Horton , ( April 6 , 1921 - December 8 , 1981 ) was an American blues harmonica player .
He toured extensively , usually as a backing musician , and in the 1970s he performed at blues and folk music festivals in the U.S. and Europe , frequently with Willie Dixon 's Chicago Blues All-Stars .
By the early 1950s , he was playing music again , and was among the first to record for Sam Phillips at Sun Records in Memphis , who would later record Elvis Presley , Carl Perkins , and Johnny Cash .
In 1977 , he worked on the Muddy Waters album I 'm Ready , produced by Johnny Winter .
Born Walter Horton in Horn Lake , Mississippi , he was playing a harmonica by the time he was five years old .
When Junior Wells left the Muddy Waters band at the end of 1952 , Horton replaced him for long enough to play on one session with Waters in January 1953 .
He eventually stopped playing the harp for a living due to poor health , and worked mainly outside of the music industry in the 1940s .
During the early 1950s he first appeared on the Chicago blues scene , where he frequently played with fellow Memphis and Delta musicians who had also moved north , including guitarists Eddie Taylor and Johnny Shines .
It is generally accepted that his first recordings were made in Memphis backing guitarist Little Buddy Doyle on Doyle 's recordings for the Okeh and Vocalion labels in 1939 .
In the sub-field of nuclear fission , it particularly includes the interaction and maintenance of systems and components like nuclear reactors , nuclear power plants , and\/or nuclear weapons .
Nuclear engineering is the branch of engineering concerned with the application of the breakdown ( fission ) as well as the fusion of atomic nuclei and\/or the application of other sub-atomic physics , based on the principles of nuclear physics .
The field also includes the study of medical and other applications of ( generally ionizing ) radiation , nuclear safety , heat\/thermodynamics transport , nuclear fuel and\/or other related technology ( e.g. , radioactive waste disposal ) , and the problems of nuclear proliferation .
Rear Admiral Thomas John Ryan , Jr. ( August 5 , 1901 - January 28 , 1970 ) was a career American naval officer who received the Medal of Honor , the United States ' highest military decoration , for his actions while in Yokohama , Japan during the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake .
The original version did not support the iPad , but Google planned to add iPad support .
On December 13 , 2012 , Google Maps was launched on the iOS App Store .
However , with the release of the first iOS 6 beta in June 2012 , Apple announced that they had created their own map service .
iPad support was added with version 2.0 .
Google Maps for iOS has many of the features that are in their Android map application , including turn-by-turn navigation , street view , and public transit information .
Shortly after the application was released , it was initially reported that the number of iOS upgrades to iOS 6 surged by as much as 30 % .
The application 's user interface has been completely redesigned .
On September 19 , 2012 , iOS 6 was released with a new maps application with map data powered by Apple .
Google Maps is an application that was released by Google for Android on September 23 , 2008 and for iOS on December 13 , 2012 as an alternative to Apple 's built-in maps application that was released with iOS 6 .
After Apple 's built-in maps application received much criticism , Google decided to create its own maps application .
Within only two days , the application had been downloaded over 10 million times .
However , some reports suggest that the surge was actually due to the iPhone 5 's release in China .
As of December 15 , 2008 ( update ) , this service was available for the following platforms : Up until iOS 6 , the built-in maps application on iOS was powered by Google Maps .
Indeed , two very large nearby galaxies , Maffei 1 and Maffei 2 , were discovered in the Zone of Avoidance by Paolo Maffei by their infrared emission in 1968 .
The Zone of Avoidance ( ZOA ) is the area of the night sky that is obscured by our own galaxy , the Milky Way .
In more recent years , many projects have attempted to bridge the gap in our knowledge caused by the Zone of Avoidance .
As a result , optical galaxy catalogues are usually very incomplete close to the galactic plane .
However , the effect of extinction drops at longer wavelengths , such as the infrared , and the Milky Way is effectively transparent at radio wavelengths .
Examples of galaxies detected from their HI emission include Dwingeloo 1 and Dwingeloo 2 , discovered in 1994 and 1996 respectively .
Even so , approximately 10 % of the sky remains difficult to survey as extragalactic objects can be confused with stars in the Milky Way .
Projects to survey the Zone of Avoidance at radio wavelengths , particularly using the 21 cm spin-flip emission line of neutral atomic hydrogen ( known in astronomical parlance as HI ) , have detected many galaxies that could not be detected in the infrared .
Surveys in the infrared , such as IRAS and 2MASS , have given us a more complete picture of the extragalactic sky .
The attenuation , interstellar dust and stars in the plane of the Milky Way ( the galactic plane ) obstruct our view of around 20 % of the extragalactic sky at visible wavelengths .
After Luburić 's death , his successors on the organization commanding post , sought out criminal organization ties with La Cosa Nostra , the Provisional Irish Republican Army , and the Croatian Mafia in San Pedro .
Its leaders tried to distance the organization from the acts of the so-called renegade elements that hijacked international flights and served prison sentences for extortion .
The organization published its own magazine , Drina .
It embraced a radical nationalist ideology that differed only marginally from Ustaše ideology .
The HNO had stated that : '' ( We ) regard Yugoslavism and Yugoslavia as the greatest and only evil that has caused the existing calamity ( ... ) We therefore consider every direct or indirect help to Yugoslavia as treason against the Croatian nation ( ... ) Yugoslavia must be destroyed - be it with the help of the Russians or the Americans , of Communists , non-Communists or anti-Communists - with the help of anyone willing the destruction of Yugoslavia : destroyed by the dialectic of the word , or by dynamite - but at all costs destroyed . ''
The HNO was banned in Germany for terrorist activities and operated between legitimate emigre functions and a thuggish underworld .
The Croatian National Resistance ( Croatian : Hrvatski narodni odpor , HNO ) was a terrorist Croatian Ustaše emigrant organization which sought to destroy Yugoslavia and to establish an independent Croatia , according to the vision of Ustaše leader Ante Pavelić and ideology of Mile Budak .
It was founded in 1955 by escapee Maks Luburić , former Ustaše guard of the Jasenovac concentration camp , before he was killed by Yugoslav secret police ( UDBA ) .
The HNO was heavily involved in racketeering , attempted murder , extortion , hijacking , terrorist bombing , and other violent crimes .
A number of terrorist attacks against Yugoslavia were organized by the Ustasha emigration including Miro Barešić 's killing of ambassador Vladimir Rolović .
Doi was born in Sendai .
He was Apostolic Administrator of Yokohama from 1945 to 1947 .
Pope John XXIII created him Cardinal Priest of S. Antonio da Padova in Via Merulana in the consistory of March 28 , 1960 .
Doi then did pastoral work in Sendai until 1934 , when he was made Secretary of the Apostolic Delegation to Japan .
Peter Tatsuo Doi ( 土井 辰雄 Doi Tatsuo ) ( December 22 , 1892-February 21 , 1970 ) was a Japanese Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Doi was ordained to the priesthood on May 1 , 1921 .
On December 2 , 1937 , Doi was appointed Archbishop of Tokyo by Pope Pius XI .
He won the title by defeating Kunde in a 15-round decision .
This fight was in Warragul , but the majority of Rose 's fights were held in Melbourne .
Lionel Edmund Rose MBE ( 21 June 1948 - 8 May 2011 ) was an Australian bantamweight boxer , the first Indigenous Australian to win a world title .
He won the Australian amateur flyweight title at 15 .
Numata beat Rose by a fifteen round decision , and Rose announced his retirement soon after .
Roy ( his father ) , was a skilled fighter at local house shows .
After five wins in a row , on 23 July 1965 , Rose was rematched with Singtong Por Tor , whom he had beaten in a 12-round decision .
Then , on 28 October 1966 , he met Noel Kunde at Melbourne for the Australian bantamweight title .
On 8 March 1969 , Rose retained the title with a 15-round decision over Alan Rudkin , but five months later he returned to Inglewood , where he faced Rubén Olivares on 22 August .
This win made Rose an instant national hero in Australia and an icon among Aboriginal Australians .
Born and raised at Jacksons Track in Victoria , Australia as well as the town of Warragul , Rose grew up in hardship and learned to box from his father .
Then , on 6 December , he met Chucho Castillo at the Inglewood Forum in Inglewood , California .
Rose continued boxing after his defeat against Olivares , but , after defeats against practically unknown fighters , many believed he was done as a prime fighter .
Later at the age of 10 , Rose was given a pair of gloves by his teacher Ian Hawkins ( who observed him shadow boxing ) .
However , he was far from finished : he upset future world lightweight champion Itshimatsu Suzuki on 10 October 1970 in a 10-round decision , and once again , he positioned himself as a world title challenger , albeit in the lightweight division , 17 pounds over the division where he crowned himself world champion .
Rose compiled a record of 42 wins and 11 losses as a professional boxer , with 12 wins by knockout .
On 2 July of that year , he returned to Tokyo to retain his title with a 15 round decision win over Takao Sakurai .
In 1975 , he came back , but after losing four of his next six bouts , including one against Rafael Limón , Rose decided to retire for good .
Along the way he was helped by Jack and Shirley Rennie , in whose Melbourne home he stayed , training every day in their backyard gym .
On 14 October of the same year , he had his first fight abroad , beating Laurie Ny by a decision in 10 rounds at Christchurch , New Zealand .
Rose made history by becoming the first Aboriginal Australian to be a world champion boxer when he defeated Harada in a 15-round decision .
Rose won one more belt in 1966 and eight in 1967 ( including a thirteenth round knockout win against Rocky Gattellari to defend his Australian championship ) before challenging Fighting Harada for the world bantamweight title on 26 February 1968 in Tokyo .
Por Tor inflicted Rose 's first defeat , beating him on points in six rounds .
Rose lost the world bantamweight title to Olivares via a fifth-round knockout .
Despite having lost to Jeff White for the Australian lightweight title , Rose got another world title try when he faced WBC world junior lightweight champion Yoshiaki Numata , on 30 May 1971 at Hiroshima .
Rose beat Castillo by decision , but the points verdict in favor of him infuriated many in the pro-Castillo crowd and a riot began : 14 fans and fight referee Dick Young were hospitalised for injuries received .
Over his next nine fights , Rose had a record of eight wins and one loss , with one knockout .
In 1967 , he shared the Leventritt Prize with the Korean violinist Kyung-wha Chung .
Pinchas Zukerman ( Hebrew : פנחס צוקרמן , born July 16 , 1948 ) is a violinist , violist , and conductor of Israeli birth .
In 1999 , he became Music Director of Canada 's National Arts Centre Orchestra ( NACO ) in Ottawa .
Zukerman is on the faculty at the Manhattan School of Music and is the head and founder of the Zukerman Performance Program at the school .
He later directed the summer festivals of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra ( 1991-1995 ) and the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra ( 1996-1999 ) .
In the USA , Zukerman was music director of the Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra from 1980 to 1987 .
The absolute number of tuberculosis cases has been decreasing since 2006 , and new cases have decreased since 2002 .
Tuberculosis typically attacks the lungs , but can also affect other parts of the body .
One third of the world 's population is thought to have been infected with M. tuberculosis , with new infections occurring in about 1 % of the population each year .
Diagnosis of active TB relies on radiology ( commonly chest X-rays ) , as well as microscopic examination and microbiological culture of body fluids .
The rates of tuberculosis in different areas varies across the globe ; about 80 % of the population in many Asian and African countries tests positive in tuberculin tests , while only 5-10 % of the United States population tests positive .
Totally drug-resistant TB is resistant to all currently used drugs .
The Mantoux tuberculin skin test is often used to screen people at high risk for TB .
Tuberculosis , MTB , or TB ( short for tubercle bacillus ) , in the past also called phthisis , phthisis pulmonalis , or consumption , is a common , and in many cases fatal , infectious disease caused by various strains of mycobacteria , usually Mycobacterium tuberculosis .
In 2007 , there were an estimated 13.7 million chronic active cases globally , while in 2010 , there were an estimated 8.8 million new cases and 1.5 million associated deaths , mostly occurring in developing countries .
Prevention relies on screening programs and vaccination with the bacillus Calmette-Guérin vaccine .
The line from Wuppertal to Radevormwald was closed in 1976 .
The Dahlerau train disaster was a railway accident that took place on May 27 , 1971 in Dahlerau , a small town in Radevormwald , West Germany , in which a freight train and a passenger train collided head-on .
Most of the dead teenage pupils were laid to rest in a separate grave on the Radevormwald cemetery .
The engine of the freight train , which did not suffer major damage , was rebuilt and continued in service until 2001 .
The driver of the freight train , who survived the accident , testified in court that he saw a green light from the dispatcher 's hand lantern , signalling him to pass through the station without stopping .
The exact sequence of events could not be determined , as the dispatcher of the station died in a car accident shortly after the train crash .
Although not strictly necessary according to the rules , the dispatcher declared that he showed a red hand lamp to the approaching freight train to make absolutely sure it would stop ( according to the rules , the ` stop ' board was enough to halt the train ) .
Born in England , Norton spent most of his early life in South Africa .
Mark Twain , who resided in San Francisco during part of Emperor Norton 's public life , modeled the character of the King in Adventures of Huckleberry Finn on Joshua Norton .
North Korea claims the satellite would estimate crop yields and collect weather data as well as assess the country 's forest coverage and natural resources .
The Annoying Orange is an American comedy web series created by former Minnesota film student and MTV production assistant Dane Boedigheimer in 2009 .
It stars its creator as an anthropomorphic orange who annoys other fruits , vegetables , and various other objects by using jokes , which are sometimes crude-humored .
The paramedic is a healthcare professional who works in emergency medical situations .
Paramedics provide advanced levels of care for medical emergencies and trauma .
The axial shift was caused by the redistribution of mass on the Earth 's surface , which changed the planet 's moment of inertia .
The speed of the Earth 's rotation increased , shortening the day by 1.8 microseconds due to the redistribution of Earth 's mass .
These are expected changes for an earthquake of this magnitude .
Because of conservation of angular momentum , such changes of inertia result in small changes to the Earth 's rate of rotation .
This deviation led to a number of small planetary changes , including the length of a day , the tilt of the Earth , and the Chandler wobble .
Those areas of Japan closest to the epicenter experienced the largest shifts .
One early estimate suggested that the Pacific plate may have moved westward by up to 20 m ( 66 ft ) , and another early estimate put the amount of slippage at as much as 40 m ( 130 ft ) .
A 4 m high tsunami hit Iwate Prefecture .
It was the most powerful earthquake ever recorded to have hit Japan , and the fifth most powerful earthquake in the world since modern record-keeping began in 1900 .
The number 2 reactor at Tōkai Nuclear Power Plant was shut down automatically .
The tsunami warning issued by the Japan Meteorological Agency was the most serious on its warning scale ; it rated as a `` major tsunami '' , being at least 3 m ( 9.8 ft ) high .
The first major foreshock was a 7.2 MW event on 9 March , approximately 40 km ( 25 mi ) from the epicenter of the 11 March earthquake , with another three on the same day in excess of 6.0 MW .
Japan declared a state of emergency following the failure of the cooling system at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant , resulting in the evacuation of nearby residents .
Pterosaurs are the earliest vertebrates known to have evolved powered flight .
Carville was a co-host of CNN 's Crossfire until its final broadcast in June 2005 .
He is married to Republican political consultant Mary Matalin .
As of 2009 , he hosts a weekly program on XM Radio titled 60\/20 Sports with Luke Russert , son of Tim Russert who hosted NBC 's Meet The Press .
Since its cancellation , he has appeared on CNN 's news program The Situation Room .
Carville gained national attention for his work as the lead strategist of the successful presidential campaign of then-Arkansas governor Bill Clinton .
( See Names for the number 0 in English . )
The counting rod system is considered a positional notation system .
Initially 17 players signed contracts .
The England women 's national football team represents England in international women 's association football .
In May 2009 central contracts were implemented , to help players focus on full-time training and playing , without having to fit it around full-time employment .
Its name is in honor of William W. Bibb , the first Governor of Alabama .
Bibb County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 626.16 square miles ( 1,621.7 km2 ) , of which 623.03 square miles ( 1,613.6 km2 ) ( or 99.50 % ) is land and 3.14 square miles ( 8.1 km2 ) ( or 0.50 % ) is water .
On December 4 , 1820 , it was renamed Bibb County .
Cahawba County was established on February 7 , 1818 , named for the Cahawba River , ( now more commonly `` Cahaba River '' ) , ultimately from the Choctaw for `` water above . ''
The county seat is Centreville .
As of the 2010 census its population was 22,915 .
The female descendants of the Bounty mutineers who lived on Pitcairn Islands could vote from 1838 .
Unmarried women who owned property could vote in New Jersey from 1776 to 1807 .
In Sweden , conditional women 's suffrage was in effect during the Age of Liberty ( 1718-1771 ) .
In the years before World War I , women in Norway ( 1913 ) and Denmark ( 1915 ) also won the right to vote , as did women in the remaining Australian states .
The first European country to introduce women 's suffrage was the Grand Duchy of Finland in 1906 .
In the 1792 elections in Sierra Leone , then a new British colony , all heads of household could vote and one-third were ethnic African women .
Limited voting rights were gained by women in Sweden , Finland and some western U.S. states in the late 19th century .
Women 's suffrage ( also known as woman suffrage ) is the right of women to vote and to stand for electoral office .
The first European country to introduce women 's suffrage was the Grand Duchy of Finland , then part of the Russian Empire , which elected the world 's first female members of parliament in the 1907 parliamentary elections .
This right was transferred after they resettled in 1856 to Norfolk Island ( now an Australian external territory ) .
In 1068 his wife was still holding lands at Bures and Saint-Pair .
He later returned the market to the abbey and paid restitution for their losses .
Roger de Montgomery , seigneur of Montgomery and vicomte of the Hiesmois .
Roger had been forced into exile by Osbern the Steward who was afterwards killed by William de Montgomery , Roger 's son .
He took over a wood at ` Crispus Fagidus ' which belonged to Jumièges Abbey in the 1030s .
Roger was the son of Hugh de Montgomery and his wife Josceline , niece of Gunnora , Duchess of Normandy .
Roger seems to have lost favor with the young duke as well as his vicomté office as he signed an early charter of Duke William simply as Roger of Montgomery .
He held the lands of Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery and Sainte-Foy-de-Montgommery , both of which show traces of early castles .
He suppressed a market held by the same abbey and transferred it into his own domain .
In c. 1031-1032 he witnessed a charter to the abbey of St. Wandrille by Robert I , Duke of Normandy as vicomte .
He acquired the office of vicomté of the Heismois probably about the time Robert I became Duke in 1027 .
Scottish-born actor Mark McManus played the part of Kelly 's friend Joe Byrne .
It was a British production , but was filmed entirely in Australia , shot mostly around Braidwood in southern New South Wales , with a largely Australian supporting cast .
The actual body armor costume worn by Jagger is on display at the Queanbeyan City Library , New South Wales , and the initials `` MJ '' are scratched on the inside .
She was replaced by a then-unknown Australian actress , Diane Craig , who was then studying at NIDA .
Jagger 's girlfriend of the time , Marianne Faithfull , had come to Australia to play the lead female role ( Ned 's sister , Maggie ) , but the Jagger-Faithfull relationship was breaking up , and she took an overdose of sleeping tablets soon after arrival in Sydney .
During production , Jagger was slightly injured by a backfiring pistol , the cast and crew were dogged by illness , a number of costumes were destroyed by fire , and Jagger 's co-star , Mark McManus , narrowly escaped serious injury when a horse-drawn cart in which he was riding overturned during filming .
It was the seventh Australian feature film version of the story of 19th century Australian bushranger Ned Kelly .
The film was directed by Tony Richardson , and starred Mick Jagger in the title role .
The film was poorly received at its opening , and is still regarded as one of Richardson 's least successful efforts .
Ned Kelly is a 1970 British-Australian biographical ( and part musical ) film .
The Boys ' Singles tournament of the 2010 US Open started on Sunday September 5 , the seventh day of the main tournament .
Jack Sock , who received wildcard into the singles main draw , won this tournament , after defeating his compatriot , tenth-seeded Denis Kudla in the final .
Bernard Tomic was the defending champion , but he did not defend his title as he had stopped playing junior tournaments in 2010 , despite still being eligible to do so as a 1992 birth .
At some sites such as the testis , macrophages have been shown to populate the organ through proliferation .
They also stimulate lymphocytes and other immune cells to respond to pathogens .
Unlike short-lived neutrophils , macrophages survive longer in the body up to a maximum of several months .
Their role is to phagocytose , or engulf and then digest , cellular debris and pathogens , either as stationary or as mobile cells .
Monocytes and macrophages are phagocytes .
When a monocyte enters damaged tissue through the endothelium of a blood vessel , a process known as the leukocyte extravasation , it undergoes a series of changes to become a macrophage .
Monocytes are attracted to a damaged site by chemical substances through chemotaxis , triggered by a range of stimuli including damaged cells , pathogens and cytokines released by macrophages already at the site .
Macrophages function in both non-specific defense ( innate immunity ) as well as help initiate specific defense mechanisms ( adaptive immunity ) of vertebrate animals .
MΦ ) , are cells produced by the differentiation of monocytes in tissues .
Its name is in honor of Colonel John G. Cullmann .
The historic Cherokee and Choctaw lived here at the time of European encounter .
Its county seat is the town of the same name , Cullman , Alabama .
Cullman County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama .
The Echota Cherokee are a recognized tribe .
Cullman County was established by German American immigrants from Cincinnati , Ohio , in 1877 .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 754.82 square miles ( 1,955.0 km2 ) , of which 738.43 square miles ( 1,912.5 km2 ) ( or 97.83 % ) is land and 16.39 square miles ( 42.4 km2 ) ( or 2.17 % ) is water .
The last known wild specimen was killed in Okeechobee County , Florida , in 1904 , and the last captive bird died at the Cincinnati Zoo on February 21 , 1918 .
It was not until 1939 , however , that the American Ornithologists ' Union declared that the Carolina Parakeet had become extinct .
It lived in old-growth forests along rivers and in swamps .
However , the American Ornithologists ' Union analyzed the film and concluded that they had probably filmed feral parakeets .
The Carolina Parakeet had the northern-most range of any known parrot .
This was the male specimen , called `` Incas '' , who died within a year of his mate , `` Lady Jane '' .
In 1937 , three parakeets resembling this species were sighted and filmed in the Okefenokee Swamp of Georgia .
Additional reports of the bird were made in Okeechobee County , Florida , until the late 1920s , but these are not supported by specimens .
( Elizabeth Cutter Morrow was the first acting president of Smith College and the first female head of the college , but she did not use the title of president . )
The United States Naval Reserve Midshipmen 's School at Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts , was training grounds for junior officers of the Women 's Reserve of the U.S. Naval Reserve ( WAVES ) and was nicknamed `` USS Northampton . ''
Smith has been led by 10 presidents and two acting presidents .
Smith is also a member of the Five Colleges consortium , which allows its students to attend classes at four other Pioneer Valley institutions : Mount Holyoke College , Amherst College , Hampshire College , and the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
On December 10 , 2012 , the Board of Trustees announced that Kathleen McCartney had been selected as the 11th president of Smith College effective July 1 , 2013 , with an official inauguration to follow in October 2013 .
For the 1975 centennial , the college inaugurated its first woman president , Jill Ker Conway , who came to Smith from Australia by way of Harvard and the University of Toronto .
On August 28 , 1942 , a total of 120 women reported to the school for training .
Smith College is a private , independent women 's liberal arts college located in Northampton , Massachusetts , United States .
The campus landscape now encompasses 147 acres ( 0.6 km2 ) and includes more than 1,200 varieties of trees and shrubs .
In 2013 , U.S. News & World Report ranked it 18th among Best Liberal Arts Colleges .
It is the largest member of the Seven Sisters .
A legislature with only one house is a unicameral legislature , while a bicameral legislature possesses two separate chambers , usually described as an `` upper house '' and a `` lower house '' .
Flickr provides both private and public image storage .
The processes for encryption and decryption are similar .
IDEA derives much of its security by interleaving operations from different groups - modular addition and multiplication , and bitwise eXclusive OR ( XOR ) - which are algebraically `` incompatible '' in some sense .
IDEA was used in Pretty Good Privacy ( PGP ) v2 .0 , and was incorporated after the original cipher used in v1 .0 , BassOmatic , was found to be insecure .
The algorithm was intended as a replacement for the Data Encryption Standard ( DES ) .
In cryptography , the International Data Encryption Algorithm ( IDEA ) , originally called Improved Proposed Encryption Standard ( IPES ) , is a symmetric-key block cipher designed by James Massey of ETH Zurich and Xuejia Lai and was first described in 1991 .
The name `` IDEA '' is also a trademark .
IDEA is an optional algorithm in the OpenPGP standard .
Each round uses six 16-bit sub-keys , while the half-round uses four , a total of 52 for 8.5 rounds .
The first eight sub-keys are extracted directly from the key , with K1 from the first round being the lower sixteen bits ; further groups of eight keys are created by rotating the main key left 25 bits between each group of eight .
IDEA operates on 64-bit blocks using a 128-bit key , and consists of a series of eight identical transformations ( a round , see the illustration ) and an output transformation ( the half-round ) .
IDEA is a minor revision of an earlier cipher , Proposed Encryption Standard ( PES ) .
The cipher was patented in a number of countries but was freely available for non-commercial use .
The Iron Pagoda , built in 1049 in Kaifeng , China , of glazed bricks is an example .
Glaze is also used on stoneware and porcelain .
Glaze is used on building materials .
Various metal oxides , such as sodium , potassium and calcium , act as a flux to lower the melting temperature .
Glaze can serve to color , decorate , strengthen or waterproof an item .
In addition to the functional aspect of glazes , they can form a variety of surface finishes , including degrees of gloss and matte and color .
Ceramic glaze raw materials generally include silica , which will be the main glass former .
Alumina , often derived from clay , stiffens the molten glaze to prevent it from running off the piece .
The striking blue color is achieved by using cobalt in the form of either cobalt oxide or cobalt carbonate , both of which are still commonly used .
Glazes may also enhance an underlying design or texture which may be either the unmodified texture of the underlying body , or an inscribed , carved or painted design .
Glazing is important for earthenware vessels as otherwise they would be unsuitable for holding liquids due to porosity .
Colorants , such as iron oxide , copper carbonate or cobalt carbonate , and sometimes opacifiers such as tin oxide or zirconium oxide , are used to modify the visual appearance of the fired glaze .
Pope Paul I ( Latin : Paulus I ; 700 - 28 June 767 ) was Pope from 29 May 757 to his death in 767 .
He first served as a Roman deacon and was frequently employed by his brother , Pope Stephen II , in negotiations with the Lombard kings .
With long straights and a variety of corners , the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya is seen as an all-rounder circuit .
This has led to criticism that drivers and mechanics are too familiar with Catalunya , reducing the amount of on-track action .
Because so much testing is done at this circuit , Formula One drivers and mechanics are extremely familiar with it .
As in Formula 1 , turn one is arguably the most popular place for overtaking .
The Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya should not be confused with the Montjuïc circuit , which hosted the Spanish Grand Prix four times between 1969 and 1975 and , unlike the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya , is actually located within the city of Barcelona .
The chicane which was put in the penultimate turn for Formula 1 does not play a part in the track layout for Moto GP , and there are at least five points on the track ( turns 1,2,4,10,14 ) where riders are known to overtake .
The Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya was built in 1991 and began hosting the Spanish Grand Prix that same year .
The Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya also plays host to many other racing series , including MotoGP .
When first used , overtaking was frequent as cars could follow closely through the last two corners and slipstream down the long straight .
Construction also coincided with the Olympic Games scheduled to take place in Barcelona the next year , where the circuit acted as the start and finish line for the road team time trial cycling event .
EU citizenship as a distinct concept was first introduced by the Maastricht Treaty , and was extended by the Treaty of Amsterdam .
Citizenship of the European Union was introduced by the Maastricht Treaty , which was signed in 1992 , and has been in force since 1993 .
Napoleon sold the territory to the United States in the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 .
Archaeology is the study of the human past through its material remains .
It was nominated for Best Hip-Hop Video at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards . ''
'' '03 Bonnie & Clyde '' is a song recorded by American rapper Jay-Z featuring American R&B singer Beyoncé .
Most Scandinavian countries require children to sit rear-facing until at least the age of 4 years .
Booster seats lift the child and allow the seat belt to sit firmly across the collar bone and chest , with the lap portion fitted to the hips .
In the United States , for children under the age of 4 and\/or under 40 lb , a seat with a 5-point harness is suggested instead of a booster seat .
Many convertible seats will transition from a rear-facing seat , to a forward-facing seat , and some then can be used as a booster seat .
Saints ( 1983 ) is a historical fiction novel by Orson Scott Card .
It tells the story of the fictional protagonist , Dinah Kirkham , a native of Manchester , England , who immigrates to the United States and becomes one of the plural wives of Joseph Smith , founder of the Latter Day Saint movement .
In some countries it is a professional doctorate where training is entered after obtaining between 90 and 120 credit hours of university level work ( see second entry degree ) and in most cases after obtaining a bachelor 's degree .
Doctor of Medicine ( M.D. , from the Latin Medicinae Doctor meaning `` Teacher of Medicine '' ) is a terminal degree for physicians and surgeons .
In other countries , such as India , Ireland , and the United Kingdom ; M.D. is a research degree which is equivalent to a Ph.D. .
The man who had asked for Hercules 's help comes and takes Hercules to the cave where his brother was captured .
Later that evening , Hercules is working in the stable , Zeus appears and they chat .
He tells about the time when he had to fight Eryx the boxer to stop him from killing anymore people .
Minotaur taunts Zeus because he was unable to kill the Minotaur .
She tells him that he should n't try to stop being Hercules , not for her or the children .
Zeus appears and tells Hercules what the monster is and why he wants Hercules .
Deianeira tells Iolaus that since Hercules gave up his adventures he has become depressed .
Zeus gives him a scale from a sea serpent and Hercules remembers the time when he and Deianeira were swallowed by a sea serpent while looking for the lost city of Troy .
As they travel to Alturia a young couple are looking for somewhere quiet , they find the cave and enter .
Hercules says he ca n't go and the man says he has to because he is Hercules .
With the people of the village now safe and Iolaus freed , the two men journey back home .
He asks Hercules to kill the Minotaur , and he enters the cave .
He asks the boys if they understand , and they say they do .
One man is captured and the other flees as the monster tells him to bring Hercules .
A man arrives at the stable looking for Hercules , he tells him that he must help his village and that a monster has taken his brother .
Hercules tells Zeus that there have been no monsters for a while , which is good as he has now settled down with Deianeira to raise the children .
Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur is the fifth and final TV movie in the series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
Meanwhile Hercules works on his farms , he sees his sons fighting and tells them that they should not fight .
In the cave they find a huge wooden door , as they try to get through the door , a monster breaks through the door and chases after them .
Hercules begins relating how the fire had vanished from the Earth and that Deianeira 's village needed fire , and how he got the fire back from Hera 's temple .
Later that evening Deianeria asks him why he refused to help and he tells her that he promised to stay and raise the children with her .
She tells him to go and the next day her and Iolaus set off for Alturia .
They begin fighting and as Hercules is about to kill the Minotaur , the creature reveals that he is really Hercules ' brother Gryphus and Hercules can not kill him .
The two men break through the plants and enter the cave .
Underneath the village the Minotaur swears that Hercules will pay , Zeus appears and tells the Minotaur that he still has not learned his lesson , he replies that he has been feeding on hate .
Outside the tavern three men are killed and Hercules goes to investigate , only to be found by the villagers .
The two men go inside to get a drink , Iolaus tells Hercules that he met a man who taught him some new moves that allow smaller men to overpower a bigger man .
As he walks back into the stable a man jumps down upon him , Hercules turns to see it is Iolaus .
The Minotaur then attacks Hercules and Hercules ends up killing him by throwing him onto a stalagmite as Zeus arrives .
When a distant village is threatened by an unseen monster , Hercules is called upon to help save the village from the monster .
They say that Hercules fights , Hercules explains that he only fights when he has to and only to prevent other people from being harmed .
The following day , Hercules is working in the stables and sees something flit past the door , he goes to look but sees nothing .
When Hercules and Lolaus arrive in Alturia they ask a woman where the monster is and she tells Hercules that there is n't any monster .
Hercules has given up his days of traveling , and amazing adventures , and has settled down to spend some time with his family .
In the center of the cave he finds the Minotaur , who challenges Hercules .
In a sun-dappled forest , two men are searching for buried treasure .
At night the children ask their father to tell them a story , Ilea asks for Hercules to tell her about when he and Deianeira first met .
When Hercules attacks Iolaus he is overpowered by the smaller man , but after a short while Hercules gets the best of Iolaus as he sees Deianeira and Ilea standing in the doorway .
He and Deianeira retire to bed and she asks him if he misses his adventures and battling monsters , he says truthfully that he does miss it .
Hercules and Lolaus are in a tavern and end up fighting some men because they do n't believe that he is really Hercules .
While they are making out the Minotaur comes and attacks them .
As Gryphus lies dying , Hercules says he is sorry Zeus had to lose a son this way .
His performances as Torquato Tasso in the Edinburgh International Festival production of Torquato Tasso , and Creon in the Citizens ' Theatre production of Oedipus earned him a special commendation for the 1995 Ian Charleson Award for outstanding performance by a young actor in a classical theater role .
His first leading roles on stage included : Dorian Gray in The Picture of Dorian Gray with Rupert Everett , Hamlet in The Marovitz Hamlet with Helen Baxendale , and Horner in The Country Wife .
Henry Ian Cusick was born in Trujillo , Peru , to a Peruvian mother ( Esperanza Chávez ) and a Scottish father ( Harry Joseph Cusick ) .
He is well known for his role as Desmond Hume on the U.S. television series Lost , for which he received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination .
When he was two , his family moved to Madrid , Spain , then Glasgow , Scotland , before moving to Trinidad and Tobago where they lived for ten years .
Cusick attended the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama and was asked to resign in his second year there .
Henry Ian Cusick Chávez ( born 17 April 1967 ) is a Scottish-Peruvian stage , television , and film actor .
This may include proof that the applicant is able to support himself in the host country ( lodging , food ) , proof that the person hosting the applicant in his or her home really exists and has sufficient room for hosting the applicant , proof that the applicant has obtained health and evacuation insurance , etc. .
The border crossing authorities make the final determination to allow entry , and may even cancel a visa at the border if the alien can not demonstrate to their satisfaction that they will abide by the status their visa grants them .
In certain circumstances , it is not possible for the holder of the visa to do this , either because the country does not have a mechanism to prolong visas or , most likely , because the holder of the visa is using a short stay visa to live in a country .
If there is no embassy or consulate in one 's home country , then one would have to travel to a third country ( or apply by post ) and try to get a visa issued there .
The need or absence of need of a visa generally depends on the citizenship of the applicant , the intended duration of the stay , and the activities that the applicant may wish to undertake in the country he visits ; these may delineate different formal categories of visas , with different issue conditions .
The issuing authority may also require applicants to attest that they have had no criminal convictions , or that they do not partake in certain activities ( like prostitution or drug trafficking ) .
A similar reciprocity often applies to the duration of the visa ( the period in which one is permitted to request entry of the country ) and the amount of entries one can attempt with the visa .
Brazil requires an advance visa before entry into the country , and that a US citizen be fingerprinted and photographed on arrival-matching U.S. requirements for Brazilians and other foreigners .
The issuing authority , usually a branch of the country 's foreign ministry or department ( e.g. U.S. State Department ) , and typically consular affairs officers , may request appropriate documentation from the applicant .
Some countries ask for proof of health status , especially for long-term visas ; some countries deny such visas to persons with certain illnesses , such as AIDS .
Countries may also issue re-entry permits that allow temporarily leaving the country without invalidating the visa .
Notable examples of countries requiring HIV tests of long-term residents are Russia and Uzbekistan .
Even a business visa will normally not allow the holder to work in the host country without an additional work permit .
In Denmark , a visa holder can apply to the Danish Immigration Service for a Residence Permit after they have arrived in the country .
Overstaying a period of authorized stay given by the immigration officers is considered illegal immigration even if the visa validity period is n't over ( i.e. , for multiple entry visas ) and a form of being `` out of status '' and the offender may be fined , prosecuted , deported , or even blacklisted from entering the country again .
Expedited processing of the visa application for some countries will generally incur additional charges .
However , in Uzbekistan , the HIV test requirement is sometimes not strictly enforced .
The fee charged may also be at the discretion of each embassy .
The exact conditions depend on the country and category of visa .
A number of countries , including Brazil , Chile and Turkey have reciprocated .
Many countries have a mechanism to allow the holder of a visa to apply to extend a visa .
Once issued , a visa will typically have to be used within a certain period of time .
With some countries , the validity of a visa is not the same as the authorized period of stay .
Visas can also be single-entry which means the visa is canceled as soon as the holder leaves the country ; double-entry , or multiple-entry which permits double or multiple entries into the country with the same visa .
Visas are associated with the request for permission to enter a country , and are thus , for some countries , distinct from actual formal permission for an alien to enter and remain in the country .
Some countries will deny visas if the travelers passports show evidence of citizenship or travel to a country which is considered hostile by that country .
Once in the country , the validity period of a visa or authorized stay can often be extended for a fee at the discretion of immigration authorities .
Some countries require that their citizens , as well as foreign travelers , obtain an `` exit visa '' to be allowed to leave the country .
Some examples of countries who apply reciprocity in their visa policy are : A fee may be charged for issuing a visa ; these are often also reciprocal , so if country A charges country B 's citizens US$ 50 for a visa , country B will often also charge the same amount for country A 's visitors .
Such violation is not a violation of a visa , despite the common misuse of the phrase , but a violation of status hence the term `` out of status . ''
For example , if a visa has been issued to begin January 1 and to expire March 30 , and the typical authorized period of stay in a country is 90 days , then the 90-day authorized stay starts on the day the passenger enters the country ( entrance has to be between January 1 and March 30 ) .
Entering a country without a valid visa or visa exemption may result in detention and removal ( deportation or exclusion ) from the country .
This reciprocal fee has gained prominence in recent years with resentment by some countries of the United States charging nationals of various countries a visa processing fee ( $ 140 for tourist visas , non-refundable , even if a visa is not issued ) .
Undertaking activities that are not authorized by the status of entry ( for example , working while possessing a non-worker tourist status ) can result in the individual being deemed deportable-commonly referred to as an illegal alien .
In the United Kingdom , applications can be made to the UK Border Agency .
Many countries frequently demand strong evidence of intent to return to the home country , if the visa is for a temporary stay , due to potential unwanted illegal immigration .
For example , some Arabic oriented countries will not issue visas to nationals of Israel and those whose passports bear evidence of visiting Israel .
Some visas can be granted on arrival or by prior application at the country 's embassy or consulate , or through a private visa service specialized in the issuance of international travel documents .
The visa validity then indicates the time period when entry is permitted into the country .
Márton Fucsovics and Hsieh Cheng-peng were the defending champions , but Hsieh did not enter the junior competition this year .
Fucsovics played alongside Máté Zsiga , but they lost to Guilherme Clézar and Tiago Fernandes in the second round .
They defeated Oliver Golding and Jiří Veselý 6-1 , 7-5 in the final .
Phylogenies have two components , branching order ( showing group relationships ) and branch length ( showing amount of evolution ) .
Phylogenetic trees of species and higher taxa are used to study the evolution of traits ( e.g. , anatomical or molecular characteristics ) and the distribution of organisms ( biogeography ) .
Systematics , in other words , is used to understand the evolutionary history of life on Earth .
Biological systematics is the study of the diversification of living forms , both past and present , and the relationships among living things through time .
Relationships are visualized as evolutionary trees ( synonyms : cladograms , phylogenetic trees , phylogenies ) .
`` Systematic biology '' and `` taxonomy '' ( terms that are often confused and used interchangeably ) were defined in relationship to one another by Michener et al. as follows : The term `` systematics '' is sometimes used synonymously with `` taxonomy '' , and may be confused with `` scientific classification '' .
No species , however , destroys more coccids and aphids , the worst foes of many plants .
It is fond of young buds of various trees , and may pull them to bits in the hope of finding insects .
Seeds are eaten , as with all this family .
It takes leaf miner grubs and green tortrix moths ( Tortricidae ) .
The Eurasian Blue Tit ( Cyanistes caeruleus or Parus caeruleus ) is a small passerine bird in the tit family Paridae .
The Eurasian Blue Tit has an average life expectancy of one-and-a-half to three years .
Eurasian Blue Tits , usually resident and non-migratory birds , are widespread and a common resident breeder throughout temperate and subarctic Europe and western Asia in deciduous or mixed woodlands with a high proportion of oak .
An example of this , dating from the 1920s , is the ability to open milk bottles with foil tops , to get at the cream underneath .
One reason is that it is more difficult for comparisons to be made between the size of items in a chart when area is used instead of length and when different items are shown as different shapes .
Pie charts can be replaced in most cases by other plots such as the bar chart .
Most subjects have difficulty ordering the slices in the pie chart by size ; when the bar chart is used the comparison is much easier .
Drums are usually played by striking with the hand , or with one or two sticks .
In popular music and jazz , `` drums '' usually refers to a drum kit or a set of drums ( with some cymbals ) , and `` drummer '' to the person who plays them .
Lifeline is a non-profit organization that provides free , 24-hour Telephone Crisis Support service in Australia and New Zealand .
Lifeline has over 260 retail outlets around the country which sell a variety of clothes , furniture and bric-a-brac .
Some Lifeline Centres also provide other support services which may include face to face counselling , group support , assistance with food & utility bills , support for the elderly and frail , and related services .
The 2010 report recorded 2,361 deaths by suicide , an increase of 480 deaths from 2007 - a useful baseline year when revised methods in data collection were adopted by the ABS .
Volunteer Crisis Supporters provide suicide prevention services , mental health support and emotional assistance , not only via telephone but face-to-face and online .
Some Lifeline Centres have a number of stores but not all Lifeline Centres have retail outlets Lifeline was founded in Sydney , New South Wales in 1963 by the late Reverend Dr. Sir Alan Walker after a call from a distressed man who three days later took his own life .
Lifeline receives more than 400,000 calls every year .
Armenia came under the Ancient Roman sphere of influence in 66 BC , after the battle of Tigranocerta and the final defeat of Armenia 's ally , Mithridates VI of Pontus .
During the Byzantine-Sasanian wars , Armenia was ultimately partitioned into Byzantine Armenia in 387 and Persian Armenia in 428 .
Uetersen is home to the Rosarium Uetersen , the oldest and largest rose garden in Northern Germany , created in 1929 .
Uetersen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈyːtɐzən ) , formerly known as Ütersen ( Holstein ) ) is a city in the district of Pinneberg , in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .
It is situated approximately 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) south of Elmshorn , and 30 km ( 19 mi ) northwest of Hamburg at the small river Pinnau , close to the Elbe river .
Proposition 5 of Archimedes ' treatise On Floating Bodies states that : In other words , for a floating object on a liquid , the weight of the displaced liquid equals the weight of the object .
He collected about 150 folk songs in Norfolk and Suffolk .
On leaving Uppingham in 1913 , he studied piano and composition at the Royal College of Music with Charles Villiers Stanford .
In 1908 , he was enrolled at Uppingham School where he spent the next five years .
He was educated from an early age at home , by a governess .
He married the cellist Peers Coetmore on 26 July 1945 .
By 1930 , Moeran had become an alcoholic .
By the mid-1920s , Moeran had become close friends with Peter Warlock and they lived for some years in Eynsford , Kent , notorious among the locals for their frequent drunken revelry .
This role did not satisfy him and he returned to the Royal College of Music to resume his composition studies , now with John Ireland , who had been a pupil of Moeran 's earlier teacher Charles Villiers Stanford .
Moeran was very interested in `` folk '' music and utilised an extensive collection of songs that he had notated in Norfolk pubs as part of his creative material .
Although the marriage was not entirely happy it inspired two of Moeran 's finest late works , the Cello Concerto and Cello Sonata .
Ernest John Moeran ( 31 December 1894 - 1 December 1950 ) was an English composer who had strong associations with Ireland ( his father was Irish , he spent much of his life there , and he died there ) .
Jelckama was born in the year 1490 in a large family of farmers and petty noblemen .
After a series of defeats , he and what was left of the Frisian army were captured in 1523 and taken to the city of Leeuwarden in Frisia .
Together with Pier Gerlofs Donia , Jelckama fought against the Saxon warriors that occupied their homeland of Frisia , at the capture of Medemblik , and in the siege of Middelburg castle .
One of his ancestors from his father 's side of the family had died at the Siege of Antioch .
He was descended from knights who had participated in the Crusades .
It was the last revolt in Frisian history and is remembered as such to this day .
With the death of Jelckama and the rebels , the rebellion of Frisia came to an end .
Jelckama took Donia 's place as freedom fighter after Donia died in 1520 .
In 1965 India Pakistan war this force fought valiantly and successfully in a number of skirmishes in Lathitila , Dohogram , Laksmipur , Assalong and Boroibari .
Major Tofael was awarded the highest military award of erstwhile Pakistan , ` Nishan-e-Haider ' , for his action in the Laksmipur Operation .
A number of Metropolitan Armed Police of Calcutta and some 1,000 ex-soldiers of West Pakistan merged into this force .
Officers from the army were transferred to command and reorganize EPR .
In 1958 , it was also assigned the anti-smuggling duties on top of its primary role as the border guards .
After the partition of the Indian sub-continent ` Eastern Frontier Rifles ' was re-grouped and renamed as the ` East Pakistan Rifles ' .
The strength of the force was 13,454 during March 1971 .
It was the primary border protection force of the then East Pakistan .
The adjoining settlement , on the Aberdeen to Peterhead road , was for many years known simply as Stirling : in 2004 , it was renamed Stirling Village , to avoid confusion with the newly granted city of Stirling .
It is 29 miles ( 47 km ) north of Aberdeen and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of Peterhead .
Sea cliffs rise to 200 feet ( 61 m ) , south of the village : a coastal path leads along these to the Bullers of Buchan .
Coordinates : 57 ° 28 ′ 13 ″ N 1 ° 46 ′ 39 ″ W \/ 57.4702 ° N 1.7775 ° W \/ 57.4702 ; -1.7775 Boddam is a coastal village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Other countries into which the bullfrog has been introduced include Mexico , the western half of Canada , Cuba , Jamaica , Italy , the Netherlands , and France .
The bullfrog is native to the eastern half of the United States .
This frog has an olive green back and sides blotched with brownish markings and a whitish belly spotted with yellow or gray .
A recent view is that this frog should be included in the genus Lithobates as Lithobates catesbeianus .
The American bullfrog ( Lithobates catesbeianus ) , often simply known as the bullfrog in Canada and the United States , is an aquatic frog , a member of the family Ranidae , or `` true frogs '' .
It inhabits large , permanent water bodies , such as swamps , ponds , and lakes , where it is usually found along the water 's edge .
Bullfrogs are used in biology classes in schools for dissection and are sometimes kept as pets , though this is not recommended .
Hurricane Martha was the only known tropical cyclone to make landfall in Panama .
On November 24 , Martha made landfall in Veraguas Province , Panama , as a strong tropical storm .
In addition , Finnix uses SquashFS to keep distribution size low .
Finnix is released as a small bootable CD ISO .
Finnix can be run completely within RAM , provided the system has at least 192 MiB RAM available .
On 23 October 2005 , Finnix 86.0 was released .
Earlier unreleased versions ( 84 , and 85.0 through 85.3 ) were `` Knoppix remasters '' , with support for Linux LVM and dm-crypt being the main reason for creation .
A user can download the ISO , burn the image to CD , and boot into a text mode Linux environment .
Any changes made during the Finnix session are transparently written to RAM and discarded upon shutdown .
However , 86.0 was a departure from Knoppix , and was derived directly from the Debian `` testing '' tree .
Most hardware devices are detected and dealt with automatically , such as hard drives , network cards and USB devices .
Finnix 0.01 was based on Red Hat Linux 6.0 , and was created to help with administration and recovery of other Linux workstations around Finnie 's office .
Finnix development first began in 1999 , making it one of the oldest distributions released with the intent of being run completely from a bootable CD ( the other Live CD around at the time was the Linuxcare Bootable Business Card CD , first released in 1999 ) .
Finnix is a Debian-based Live CD operating system , developed by Ryan Finnie and intended for system administrators for tasks such as filesystem recovery , network monitoring and OS installation .
A user can modify files nearly anywhere on the running CD via a union mount filesystem ( UnionFS or AUFS , depending on the Finnix release ) , stacking a read-write filesystem ( in this case , a dynamic ramdisk ) on top of a read-only filesystem ( the CD media ) .
Finnix requires at least 32 MiB RAM to run properly , but can use more if present .
Finnix is a relatively small distribution , with an ISO download size of approximately 100 MiB , and is available for the x86 , x86-64 and PowerPC architectures , and paravirtualized ( User Mode Linux and Xen ) systems .
Common spacing is one plant per square for larger plants ( broccoli , basil , tomato , etc. ) , four plants per square for medium large plants like lettuce , nine plants per square for medium-small plants like spinach , and sixteen per square for small plants such as onions and carrots .
They are known for philosophical lyrics , sonic experimentation , innovative cover art , and elaborate live shows .
As a psychedelic band led by Syd Barrett in the late 1960s , Pink Floyd had moderate mainstream success and were one of the most popular bands in the London underground music scene ; however , Barrett 's erratic behavior eventually forced his colleagues to replace him with guitarist and singer David Gilmour .
The band recorded several albums , achieving worldwide success with The Dark Side of the Moon ( 1973 ) , Wish You Were Here ( 1975 ) , Animals ( 1977 ) , and The Wall ( 1979 ) ; all except Animals reached number one in the US .
Following an out-of-court settlement , the band enjoyed worldwide success with A Momentary Lapse of Reason ( 1987 ) and The Division Bell ( 1994 ) .
One of rock music 's most successful acts , the group have sold over 250 million albums worldwide , including 74.5 million units sold in the United States alone .
In 1986 , Waters declared Pink Floyd `` a spent force '' and sued to dissolve their partnership and retire the name Pink Floyd , but the remaining members , led by Gilmour , continued recording and touring under the name Pink Floyd .
The album was released as a double disc , the first disc containing songs performed live , the second containing new studio-recorded songs .
The discography of Pink Floyd , a British rock band , consists of fourteen studio albums , three live albums , thirteen compilation albums , four video albums , one extended play , twenty-six singles and two promotional singles .
Formed in 1965 , Pink Floyd initially earned recognition for their psychedelic or space rock music , and , as they evolved , for their progressive rock music .
Singer and bass player Roger Waters gradually became the dominant and driving force in the mid-1970s , until his departure from the group in 1985 .
After Barrett 's departure , the band released Ummagumma .
The Dark Side of the Moon is one of the best-selling albums in the world and The Wall is the highest-certified multiple-disc album by the Recording Industry Association of America .
Elementary schools include Beverly Park Elementary , Mount View Elementary , Southern Heights Elementary , and White Center Heights Elementary .
Secondary schools include Cascade Middle School , New Start High School , and Evergreen High School .
White Center is part of the Highline School District , which covers much of southwestern King County .
White Center is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in King County , Washington , United States .
Evergreen hosts three `` small schools '' on its campus , namely the Arts & Academic Academy , the Health , Science , & Human Services School , and the Technology , Engineering , & Communications Schools .
It lies between Seattle and Burien part of which was annexed by Burien on 1 April 2010 .
A derny is a motorized bicycle for motor-paced cycling events such as during six-day and Keirin racing and motor-paced road races .
For most derny races , the cyclist sits in the slipstream for the duration of the event .
The fourth season of Bad Girls Club premiered on December 1 , 2009 , on Oxygen .
No points were awarded for a loss .
The Scottish Premier League ( SPL ) was the top level league competition for professional football clubs in Scotland .
The increase from 10 clubs to 12 was part of the deal offered to obtain approval from SFL member clubs .
Alex McLeish accused the SPL of taking Scottish football `` back to the Dark Ages '' after its decision to scrap the mid-season hiatus .
Teams received three points for a win and one point for a draw .
A total of 19 clubs competed in the SPL , but only the Old Firm clubs , Celtic and Rangers won the league championship .
If points were equal , the goal difference and then goals scored determine the winner .
Managers Martin O'Neill , Jim Duffy and Walter Smith were among those who called for the winter break to be reinstated .
A season , which runs from July until May , was divided into two phases .
Each club then played a further five matches against the other five teams in their own section .
The Code of Hammurabi was one of several sets of laws in the ancient Near East .
The Code of Hammurabi is the longest surviving text from the Old Babylonian period .
Creation myths often share a number of features .
Lady Louise Windsor ( Louise Alice Elizabeth Mary Mountbatten-Windsor ; born 8 November 2003 ) is the elder child and only daughter of Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , and Sophie , Countess of Wessex .
Therefore , all else being equal , Louise would have been styled as Her Royal Highness Princess Louise of Wessex .
She is the youngest granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh .
The first victim , William Sproat , died on 23 October 1831 .
This settlement was granted a charter in 1179 by Hugh Pudsey , then the Bishop of Durham .
The Victoria Hall was a large concert hall on Toward Road facing Mowbray Park .
Around this time , Sunderland was known as ` Sunderland-near-the-Sea ' .
Biscop 's monastery was the first built of stone in Northumbria .
This had a big impact on Sunderland , which had begun to grow as a coal-trading town .
In the late 8th century , the Vikings raided the coast , and by the middle of the 9th century , the monastery had been abandoned .
The Victoria Hall remained in use until 1941 when it was destroyed by a German bomb .
The hall was the scene of a tragedy on 16 June 1883 when 183 children died .
At the bottom of the staircase , the door had been opened inward and bolted in such a way as to leave only a gap wide enough for one child to pass at a time .
Only poor quality coal was used in salt panning ; quality coal was traded via the port , which subsequently began to grow .
Parliament blockaded the River Tyne , crippling the Newcastle coal trade which allowed the Sunderland coal trade to flourish .
In 1100 , Bishopwearmouth parish included a fishing village at the southern mouth of the river ( modern day Hendon ) known as ` Soender-land ' ( which evolved into ` Sunderland ' ) .
This law remains in force .
In 1589 , salt was made in Sunderland .
Sunderland , a main trading port at the time , was the first British town to be struck with the ` Indian cholera ' epidemic .
In 686 the community was taken over by Ceolfrid , and Wearmouth-Jarrow became a major center of learning and knowledge in Anglo-Saxon England with a library of around 300 volumes .
The memorial , a grieving mother holding a dead child , is located in Mowbray Park inside a protective canopy .
As coal was required to heat the salt pans , a coal mining community began to emerge .
While at the monastery , Bede completed the Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum ( The Ecclesiastical History of the English People ) in 731 , a feat which earned him the title : The father of English history .
The children surged down the stairs and those at the front were trapped and crushed by the weight of the crowd behind them .
At the time of building , it was the biggest single span bridge in the world .
The three original settlements Wearmouth ( Bishopwearmouth , Monkwearmouth and Sunderland ) had begun to combine , driven by the success of the port of Sunderland and salt panning and shipbuilding along the banks of the river .
Newspaper reports triggered a mood of national outrage and an inquiry recommended that public venues be fitted with a minimum number of outward opening emergency exits , which led to the invention of ` push bar ' emergency doors .
The Codex Amiatinus , described by White as the ` finest book in the world ' , was created at the monastery and was likely worked on by Bede , who was born at Wearmouth in 673 .
Coordinates : 54 ° 54 ′ 22 ″ N 1 ° 22 ′ 52 ″ W \/ 54.9061 ° N 1.38113 ° W \/ 54.9061 ; -1.38113 Sunderland ( i \/ ˈsʌndərlənd \/ , local \/ ˈsʊn ( d ) lən \/ ) is a city which lies at the heart of the City of Sunderland metropolitan borough , a part of Tyne and Wear , in North East England .
Sunderland developed on a plateau above the river , and never suffered from the problem of allowing people to cross the river without interrupting the passage of high masted vessels .
Over the centuries , Sunderland grew as a port , trading coal and salt .
From 1346 ships were being built at Wearmouth , by a merchant named Thomas Menville .
Local government was divided between the three parishes ( Holy Trinity Church , Sunderland , St. Michael 's , Bishopwearmouth , and St. Peter 's , Monkwearmouth ) and when cholera broke out in 1831 , the `` select vestrymen '' , as the church councilmen were called , were unable to cope with the epidemic .
In 1719 , the parish of Sunderland was carved from the densely populated east end of Bishopwearmouth by the establishment of a new parish church , Holy Trinity Church , Sunderland ( today also known as Sunderland Old Parish Church ) .
Further up river , the Queen Alexandra Bridge was built in 1909 , linking Deptford and Southwick .
Large vats of seawater , were heated using coal .
The name Pichilemu comes from the Mapudungún words pichi ( little ) and lemu ( forest ) .
Agustín Ross turned Pichilemu into a summer resort town for affluent people from Santiago .
Pichilemu has many expansive dark sand beaches .
By decree of President Jorge Montt and his Interior Minister , Manuel José Irarrázabal , the city was officially established as an `` autonomous commune '' on December 22 , 1891 .
Pichilemu is located 126 kilometres ( 78 mi ) west of San Fernando , in the westernmost area of the O'Higgins Region , on the coast of the Pacific Ocean .
It is within a three-hour drive of the Andes Mountains .
Homes were built along the dock on what currently is the Daniel Ortúzar Avenue ( Avenida Daniel Ortúzar ) .
Agustín Ross Edwards , a Chilean writer , Member of Parliament , minister , and politician , bought a 300-hectare ( 740-acre ) tract of land , and named it La Posada , in 1885 .
During the 1891 Chilean Civil War , Daniel Ortúzar and the priest of Alcones were transferred as prisoners from Pichilemu to Valparaíso via the dock , which was later burned .
He designed an urban setting that included a park and a forest of over 10 hectares ( 25 acres ) .
The city is bordered by Litueche to the north , Paredones to the south , and Marchigüe and Pumanque to the east .
Two years later , on 7 July 1860 , their second son , Gustav , was born .
In Leipzig , Mahler befriended Carl von Weber , grandson of the composer , and agreed to prepare a performing version of Carl Maria von Weber 's unfinished opera Die drei Pintos ( `` The Three Pintos '' ) .
In the early years of Mahler 's conducting career , composing was a spare time activity .
A year later , Mahler appointed him chief stage designer to the Hofoper , where Roller 's debut was a new production of Tristan und Isolde .
In census data the abbreviation T.P. is used to indicate a `` Town Panchayat '' .
Tamil Nadu was the first state to introduce the panchayat town as an intermediate step between rural villages and Urban Local Bodies ( ULB ) .
Each Indian state has its own management directorate for panchayat towns .
A Town Panchayat or Panchayat Town is a small town , under 20,000 or 25,000 inhabitants , which is formed under the Panchayati raj administrative system .
The average distance from Kepler-22b to its host star Kepler-22 is about 15 % less than the distance from Earth to the Sun but the luminosity ( light output ) of Kepler-22 is about 25 % less than that of the Sun .
If the orbit is indeed highly elliptical , then the temperature variance range will be extreme .
If the planet is found to move in a highly elliptical orbit , its surface temperature will vary from a higher temperature when close to Kepler-22 to lower when farther away .
This combination of a shorter average distance from the star and a lower stellar luminosity are consistent with a moderate surface temperature at that distance if it is assumed that the surface is not subject to extreme greenhouse heating .
On 5 December 2011 , the confirmation of the existence of Kepler-22b was announced .
The planet 's first transit in front of its host star was observed on Kepler 's third day of scientific operations , in 12 May 2009 .
It was discovered by NASA 's Kepler Space Telescope in 2011 and was the first known transiting planet to orbit within the habitable zone of a Sun-like star .
It is located about 600 light years away from Earth in the constellation of Cygnus .
Kepler-22b is an extrasolar planet orbiting G-type star Kepler-22 .
The third transit was detected in 15 December 2010 .
Scientists can estimate the possible surface conditions as follows : Recent estimates suggest the planet has over 95 % probability of being located in the empirical habitable zone defined by the recent Venus and early Mars limits ( based on estimates of when these planets may have supported habitable conditions ) , but less than a 5 % chance of being located in the conservative habitable zone estimated from a 1D cloud-free radiative-convective model .
Additional confirmation data was provided by the Spitzer Space Telescope and ground-based observations .
Crater Lake has no streams flowing into or out of it .
Crater Lake National Park is a United States National Park located in southern Oregon .
The lake is 1,943 feet ( 592 m ) deep at its deepest point , which makes it the deepest lake in the United States , the second deepest in North America and the ninth deepest in the world .
All water that enters the lake is eventually lost from evaporation or subsurface seepage .
The park encompasses the caldera of Crater Lake , a remnant of a destroyed volcano , Mount Mazama , and the surrounding hills and forests .
Established in 1902 , Crater Lake National Park is the fifth oldest national park in the United States and the only one in the state of Oregon .
The lake 's water commonly has a striking blue hue , and the lake is re-filled entirely from direct precipitation in the form of snow and rain .
Hurricane Lenny was the second-strongest November Atlantic hurricane on record .
He is generally accepted as having built the Great Pyramid of Giza , one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World , but many other aspects of his reign are rather poorly documented .
Khufu was the second pharaoh of the 4th dynasty ; he followed his possible father , king Sneferu , on the throne .
Project Kaisei is a project to study and clean up the garbage patch launched in March 2009 .
In April 2008 , Richard Sundance Owen , a building contractor and scuba dive instructor , formed the Environmental Cleanup Coalition ( ECC ) to address the issue of North Pacific pollution .
In August 2009 , two project vessels , the New Horizon and the Kaisei , embarked on a voyage to research the patch and determine the feasibility of commercial scale collection and recycling .
The Great Pacific garbage patch has one of the highest levels known of plastic particulate suspended in the upper water column .
The basic message was that the states were the ultimate parties constituting the federal compact , and that therefore the individual states were ultimate arbiters of whether the compact had been broken by the usurpation of power .
Particularly at issue was the sense in which the states were parties to the federal compact .
To remedy the defects revealed by the passage of the Alien and Sedition Acts , Madison called for citizens to have an absolute right to free speech .
Jefferson , the leader of the Democratic-Republican Party and then-Vice President , wrote to Madison in August 1799 outlining a campaign to strengthen public support for the principles expressed in the Virginia and Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 ( commonly referred to as `` the principles of ' 98 '' ) : In response to this letter , Madison visited Jefferson at Monticello during the first week of September .
Either formulation would help the Democratic-Republican cause by refuting the finality of any constitutional interpretation advanced by the Congress and federal judiciary , both of which were dominated by Federalists .
H. Jefferson Powell , a modern jurist , identifies three persistent themes of Democratic-Republican constitutionalism which emerged from the Resolutions and the Report : ( 1 ) a textual approach to the Constitution , ( 2 ) the compact theory , and ( 3 ) that caution , not trust , should characterize our approach to those who hold political power .
More generally , the Report made the argument in favor of the sovereignty of the individual states , for which it is best known .
The Report of 1800 , Madison argued , did not say the government was a compact of the individual states , as the pro-nullification elements suggested .
The first major goal of the Resolutions was to bring about the repeal of the Alien and Sedition Acts by generating public opposition that would be expressed through the state legislatures .
Whether Madison 's theory of Republicanism really supported the nullification movement , and more broadly whether the ideas he expressed between 1798 and 1800 are consistent with his work before and after this period , are the main questions surrounding the Report in the modern literature .
The most significant of these were the Alien and Sedition Acts , four laws that allowed the President to deport aliens at will , required a longer period of residence before aliens could become citizens , and made it a crime to publish malicious or defamatory material against the government or its officials .
Jefferson eagerly sought copies for distribution to Democratic-Republican members of Congress departing for their home states , and when they failed to arrive he entreated Monroe for at least one copy that he could reproduce .
Once at Richmond , Madison began drafting the Report , though he was delayed by a weeklong battle with dysentery .
The arguments made in the Resolutions and the Report were later used frequently during the nullification crisis of 1832 , when South Carolina declared federal tariffs to be unconstitutional and void within the state .
The reason for the criticism was that the General Assembly , led in the effort by state-sovereignty advocate John Taylor of Caroline , had put a state-sovereignty spin on the Virginia Resolutions of 1798 despite Madison 's hopes .
Spencer Roane described it as `` the Magna Charta on which the republicans settled down , after the great struggle in the year 1799 . ''
Their discussion was important in that it persuaded Jefferson to depart from his radical stance on dissociation from the Union , which is expressed at the end of the excerpt above .
Madison won over Jefferson , who shortly thereafter wrote to Wilson Cary Nicholas that : `` From ( this position ) I retreat readily , not only in deference to ( Madison 's ) judgment but because as we should never think of separation but for repeated and enormous violations , so these , when they occur , will be cause enough of themselves . ''
In defense of Virginia Democratic-Republicans and the Resolutions , Madison emphasized that even if one disagreed with the compact theory , the Virginia Resolutions and the Report of 1800 themselves were simply protests , which states were surely entitled to produce .
On December 23 , Madison moved for the creation of a special seven-member committee with himself as chairman to respond to `` certain answers from several of the states , relative to the communications made by the Virginia legislature at their last session . ''
The General Assembly arranged for five thousand copies to be printed and distributed in the state , but there was not much public response to the Report , and it appears to have had relatively little impact on the presidential election of 1800 ( which was , nevertheless , a major victory for the Democratic-Republicans and a repudiation of Federalist policies ) .
Madison thought the Resolutions and Report were consistent with this principle while the Ordinance of Nullification was not .
Rather the Report of 1800 described a compact of `` the people in each of the States , acting in their highest sovereign capacity . ''
According to Kevin Gutzman , the Report , together with the Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions , forms a foundation for the `` radical southern states ' rights tradition . ''
Madison writes that the ability to prosecute speech amounts to `` a protection of those who administer the government , if they should at any time deserve the contempt or hatred of the people , against being exposed to it . ''
Adrienne Koch and Harry Ammon , examining Jefferson 's later writing , conclude that Madison had a significant role `` in softening Jefferson 's more extreme views . ''
While the Federalists interpreted the amendment as limiting the power of Congress over the press , but implying that such power existed , Madison argued that the First Amendment wholly prohibited Congress from any interference with the press .
The task of writing the Virginia Report was left solely to Madison .
Jefferson hoped for further involvement with the production of the Report and planned to visit Madison at Montpelier on his way to Philadelphia , the national capital , for the winter session of the United States Congress .
The main point of contention was the meaning of the third of the Virginia Resolutions : This resolution had been the principal target of the Federalist attack on the Resolutions .
The Alien Act granted the President the unenumerated power of deporting friendly aliens .
As well , Madison attacked Federalist carriage laws and bank laws as unconstitutional .
Though certain to pass due to the Democratic-Republican majority , which had recently been solidified by the election of a Democratic-Republican clerk and speaker of the House , the Report was debated for five days .
It was the presence of this argument in the Resolutions that had allowed the Federalists to paint the Democratic-Republicans as leaning toward secession ; in the amended Report the line is moderated , with an emphasis that it is the states as political societies of the people ( and therefore , one reads in , not the state legislatures alone ) which possess this power .
This doctrine is known as the compact theory .
The state governments themselves , no less than the federal judiciary , possess only delegated power and therefore can not decide questions of fundamental importance .
The next day , Christmas Eve , the committee produced a first version of the Report .
Though it had little impact on the immediate election , Madison 's Report clarified the legal argument against the Acts and for states ' rights in general , particularly in its advancement of the Tenth Amendment rather than the Ninth as the main bulwark against federal encroachment on state autonomy .
Madison , a member of the Democratic-Republican Party , was elected to the Democratic-Republican-dominated Virginia General Assembly from Orange County in 1799 .
The Resolutions , usually discussed together with Thomas Jefferson 's contemporaneous Kentucky Resolutions , were a response to various perceived outrages perpetrated by the Federalist-dominated national government .
A major item on his agenda was the defense of the General Assembly 's 1798 Virginia Resolutions , of which Madison had been the draftsman .
However , James Monroe , who would become Governor of Virginia before the end of the year , visited Jefferson at Monticello and cautioned him against meeting with Madison , since another meeting between two of the most important Democratic-Republican leaders would provoke significant public comment .
The committee members were Madison , John Taylor , William Branch Giles , George Keith Taylor , John Wise , John Mercer , and William Daniel .
These replies contended that the Supreme Court of the United States had the ultimate responsibility for deciding whether federal laws were constitutional , and that the Alien and Sedition Acts were constitutional and necessary .
The amended Report passed the House of Delegates on January 7 by a margin of 60 to 40 .
In the 1957 Roth v. United States opinion by William Brennan , Madison 's Report is cited as evidence that `` the fundamental freedoms of speech and press have contributed greatly to the development and well-being of our free society and are indispensable to its continued growth . ''
Madison sought to accomplish this by demonstrating conclusively that the Acts violated the constitution .
Henry Clay said on the floor of the House of Representatives that it was from the Report of 1800 , above other documents , that he had developed his own theories on constitutional interpretation .
Laying into the Acts in his Report , Madison described many breaches of constitutional limits .
The Federalists accused the Democratic-Republicans of seeking disunion , even contemplating violence .
The Report was received warmly by Virginia Democratic-Republicans .
In modern scholarship outside the legal arena the Report is mostly studied for its discussion of states ' rights with regard to federalism and republicanism .
Multiple Supreme Court decisions have cited the case as evidence of the Framers ' ideas on free speech .
The Report supported a strict interpretation of the First Amendment .
By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Democratic-Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
The measure came before the House of Delegates , the lower house of the General Assembly , on January 2 .
Jefferson underlined the importance of this work in a November 26 letter to Madison in which he identified `` protestations against violations of the true principles of our constitution '' as one of the four primary elements of the Democratic-Republican Party plan .
The Assembly session began in early December .
Contrary to the Sedition Act , the federal government had no power to protect officials from dissent or libelous attack , beyond the protection it accorded to every citizen ; indeed , such special intervention against the press was `` expressly forbidden by a declaratory amendment to the constitution . ''
Democratic-Republicans were outraged by the legislation , and Madison and Jefferson drafted the highly critical Resolutions adopted in response by the Virginia and Kentucky state legislatures .
At some point in the next two weeks , it passed the Senate by a margin of 15 to 6 .
In more recent years , the main practical interest in the Report has been its absolutist understanding of the First Amendment .
Other cases to cite the Report for a similar purpose include Thornhill v. Alabama ( 1940 ) and Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC ( 2000 ) .
At the very least , Virginia or Kentucky taking such a stance publicly would have justified the Federalist attacks against the secessionist tendencies of the Democratic-Republicans .
However , Madison rebuffed charges that his writings supported the constitutional interpretation advanced by pro-nullification Southerners .
Freedom of the press was necessary , because `` chequered as it is with abuses , the world is indebted to the press for all the triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression . ''
The Report was regarded in the early 19th century as among the more important expressions of Democratic-Republican principles .
Parties outside Virginia seemed uninterested in the rehashing of the 1798 Resolutions , and in other states there was very little public comment .
At the time , some leading Virginia Democratic-Republican figures such as Rep. William Branch Giles ( in public ) and Taylor ( in private ) actually were contemplating disunion , and the Virginia General Assembly chose this juncture for finally constructing a new state armory in Richmond , so there was some truth to the charge .
Despite Jefferson 's approval of and attempt to distribute Madison 's work , the national reaction was tepid .
The general purpose of the Report was the affirmation and expansion of the principles expressed in the Virginia Resolutions .
The Report of 1800 was a resolution drafted by James Madison arguing for the sovereignty of the individual states under the United States Constitution and against the Alien and Sedition Acts .
Madison later changed positions , rejecting South Carolina 's concept of nullification and the notion that his arguments supported such a practice .
The Report was the last important explication of the Constitution produced before the 1817 Bonus Bill veto message by Madison , who has come to be regarded as the `` Father of the Constitution . ''
The Virginia and Kentucky Resolutions had in the year since publication received highly critical replies from state legislatures .
The Report was ultimately amended to provide greater clarity on this issue by emphasizing that when the Virginians claimed that the `` states '' were parties to the federal Constitution , the referent of the word `` state '' was the sovereign people of the particular state .
Adopted by the Virginia General Assembly in January 1800 , the Report amends arguments from the 1798 Virginia Resolutions and attempts to resolve contemporary criticisms against the Resolutions .
It is considered to be the site of Proto-Elamite cultural formation .
The history of Elam is conventionally divided into three periods , spanning more than two millennia .
Knowledge of Elamite history remains largely fragmentary , reconstruction being based on mainly Mesopotamian ( Sumerian , Akkadian , Assyrian and Babylonian ) sources .
In 540 BC , Achaemenid rule begins in Susa .
The Proto-Elamite city of Susa was founded around 4000 BC in the watershed of the river Karun .
The Elamites called their country Haltamti , Sumerian ELAM , Akkadian Elamû , female Elamītu `` resident of Susiana , Elamite '' .
Elam was an ancient civilization centered in the far west and southwest of modern-day Luristan Bakhtiari Iran , stretching from the lowlands of what is now Khuzestan and Ilam Province , as well as a small part of southern Iraq .
Poodles have been used as working dogs in the military since at least the 17th century .
In 1942 , the Poodle was one of 32 breeds officially classified as war dogs by the Army .
The poodle has been bred in at least three sizes , including Standard , Miniature , and Toy .
All the Kennel Club poodles are in the Utility Group .
Ajax Red Bull Salzburg
The Federal University of Rio de Janeiro or University of Brazil ( Portuguese : Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro , UFRJ or Universidade do Brasil ) is a public university in the state of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Since then , the Tripuri people have been reduced to a 30 % minority due to Bengali immigration .
Tripuri nationalism is an ideology that supports self-determination by the Tripuri people .
The conflict is in essence ethnic , the Tibeto-Burman `` tribals '' indigenous to the region formed the clear majority of population in the princely state of Tippera , which joined the Republic of India in 1949 as the state of Tripura .
In Yugoslavia , the people who left were called optanti , which translates as ` choosers ' , while they call themselves esuli or exiles .
Italy did not want to reveal the bank account number so in 1994 Slovenia opened a fiduciary account at Dresdner Bank in Luxembourg , informed Italy about it and started paying its US$ 55,976,930 share .
The Italian historian Raoul Pupo suggests 4,500 were killed ( including the events of 1943 ) , mostly Italians , but many bodies wearing Partisan uniforms were found as well , so the number is subject to many interpretations .
After World War I , under the Treaty of Rapallo between the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( later Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) and the Kingdom of Italy ( 12 November 1920 ) , Italy obtained almost all of Istria with Trieste , the exception being the island of Krk and part of Kastav commune , which went to the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes .
The Wehrmacht was engaged in a front-wide retreat from the Yugoslav Partisans , along with the local collaborationist forces ( the Ustaše , the Domobranci , the Chetniks , and units of Mussolini 's puppet Italian Social Republic ) .
The third period took place after the Paris peace treaty , when Istria was assigned to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , except for a small area in the northwest part that formed the independent Free Territory of Trieste .
Italy however drove a hard bargain , demanding extensive territorial concessions once the war had been won '' .
In 1953 , officially , only 36,000 Italians lived in Yugoslavia , 16 % of the Italian population before World War II .
Slovenia and Croatia , two Yugoslav successors , agreed to share the remainder of this debt .
After the Wehrmacht invasion of Yugoslavia ( 6 April 1941 ) , the Italian zone of occupation was further expanded .
Evidence of Italic people living alongside those from other ethnic groups on the eastern side of the Adriatic as far north as the Alps goes back at least to the Bronze Age , and the populations have been mixed ever since .
The fourth period took place after the Memorandum of Understanding in London .
One-third were Slovenes and Croats who opposed the Communist government in Yugoslavia , while two-thirds were ethnic Italians , the so-called optanti emigrants who were living permanently in this region on 10 June 1940 and who expressed their wish to obtain Italian citizenship and emigrate to Italy .
Up to its breakup in 1991 , Yugoslavia had paid US$ 18 million .
From the Middle Ages onwards numbers of Slavic people near and on the Adriatic coast were ever increasing , due to their expanding population and due to pressure from the Turks pushing them from the south and east .
Several estimates of the exodus by historians : The mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission verified 27,000 Italian and 3,000 Slovene migrants from Slovenian territory .
Their motives for leaving may have been fear of reprisals , economic motives , or ethnically based .
A 2001 population census counted 23 languages spoken by the people of Istria .
Slovenia assumed 62 % and Croatia the remaining 38 % .
The last payment was due in January 2002 .
The second period was soon after the end of the war and around the time of the second wave of anti-fascist violence .
Italy annexed large areas of Croatia ( including most of coastal Dalmatia ) and Slovenia ( including its capital Ljubljana ) .
The mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission , established in 1995 by the two governments to investigate these matters , described the circumstances of the 1945 killings : The number of victims is not certain .
Britain , France and Russia had been `` keen to bring neutral Italy into World War One on their side .
When the Fascist regime collapsed in 1943 reprisals against Italian fascists took place .
Slovenian historian Darko Darovec writes : For the mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission :
36,000 in today 's Slovenia ) .
Until today , the solution of the matter between Croatia and Italy has been delayed .
Istria including Rijeka and parts of Dalmatia including Zadar , had been annexed to Italy after World War I. At the end of World War II the former Italian territories in Istria and Dalmatia became part of Yugoslavia by the Paris Peace Treaty ( 1947 ) , with the only exception being the communes of Muggia and San Dorligo della Valle .
From the end of World War II until 1953 , according to various data , between 250,000 and 350,000 people emigrated from these regions .
Up to 200 Italians were killed by Josip Broz Tito 's resistance movement in September 1943 ; most had been connected to the fascist regime , while others were victims of personal hatred or the attempt of the Partisan resistance to get rid of its real or supposed enemies .
By the Treaty of Rome ( 27 January 1924 ) the Free State of Fiume ( Rijeka ) was split between Italy and Yugoslavia .
After World War II , there were large-scale movements of people choosing to move to Italy rather than live in Yugoslavia .
In 1915 , the Italians declared war to the Austro-Hungarian Empire leading to bloody conflict mainly on the Isonzo and Piave fronts .
Those whose families left Istria or Dalmatia in the post-World War II period include : On February 18 , 1983 Yugoslavia and Italy signed a treaty in Rome where Yugoslavia agreed to pay US$ 110 million for the compensation of the exiles ' property which was confiscated after the war in the Zone B of Free Territory of Trieste .
The emigration of Italians reduced the total population of the region and altered its historical ethnic structure .
Other sources suggest numbers reaching up to 20,000 killed or missing , with the most likely number approaching 10,000 .
The exodus took place between 1943 and 1960 , with the main movements of population having place in the following years : The first period took place after the surrender of the Italian army and the beginning of the first wave of anti-fascist violence .
Finally in 1975 the Treaty of Osimo finally divided the former Free Territory of Trieste .
194,000 in today 's Croatia and ca .
These territories were ethnically mixed , with Italian , Slovenian , Croatian , Serbian and other communities .
This led to Italic people becoming ever more confined to urban areas , while the countryside was populated by Slavs , with certain isolated exceptions The majority Slavic population suffered economic and political disadvantages , which gradually declined with the democratization of the Austro-Hungarian empire in the 19th century .
The second wave of anti-Fascist violence took place after the liberation of Istria from Axis occupation in May 1945 .
Italian sources consider that up to 250,000 \/ 350,000 ethnic Italians and ( some thousand of ) anti-communist Slovenes and Croats , left the areas in the aftermath of the conflict .
The Kingdom of Italy 's 1936 census indicated approximately 230,000 people who listed Italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of Slovenia and Croatia , then part of the Italian state ( ca .
Some Italian sources claim that these killings amounted to ethnic cleansing , and that Italian people subsequently had no option but to emigrate .
In a deal to draw Italy into the war , under the London Pact , Italy was granted Trentino , Trieste , ( the German-speaking ) South Tyrol , Istria including large non-Italian communities , and the northern part of Dalmatia including the territories of Zadar ( Zara ) and Šibenik ( Sebenico ) .
This was known as the Foibe massacres .
The eastern part of Goonhilly Downs is also in the parish .
Inland the parish includes the hamlets of Zoar , Laddenvean , Traboe , Trelan and Gwenter .
Settlements on the coast include Porthallow , Porthoustock and Coverack .
The Cornish Rebellion of 1497 started in St Keverne .
St Keverne was in the Middle Ages the site of an important monastery .
It includes some 10 miles of coast from Nare Point at the mouth of the Helford River to Kennack Sands , and the Manacles offshore .
The church is very large for a village church and in its present form is 15th century : however parts of the stonework appear to have been reused from a previous church building .
The leader of the rebellion Michael An Gof ( the `` smith '' in Cornish ) was a blacksmith from St Keverne and is commemorated by a statue in the village .
The church is dedicated to St Akeveranus though for a considerable period this was corrupted to Kieran .
The third match was between Christian and Chris Jericho .
The event began with the Boys Choir of Harlem singing `` America the Beautiful '' .
Evolution won the match when Orton pinned Foley after successfully executing an RKO .
The main match for the Raw brand was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between champion Triple H , Shawn Michaels and Chris Benoit .
`` Mean '' Gene Okerlund then introduced the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2004 .
Victoria would counter a Widow 's peak maneuver attempt by Holly into a Backslide pin , drawing a three count , thus winning the match and retaining the WWE Women 's Championship .
The main event was a Triple threat match over the World Heavyweight Championship between Triple H , Chris Benoit , and Shawn Michaels .
As a result , Benoit won the match and the World Heavyweight Championship .
The ninth match was the encounter of Victoria and Molly Holly for the WWE Women 's Championship , where Holly would have to be shaved bald if she lost .
The eleventh match of the event was the encounter of The Undertaker and Kane , which would be Undertaker 's first match since he was buried alive at Survivor Series 2003 .
With Angle confused , Guerrero executed a Roll-up pin maneuver leading to a successful pinfall , thus winning the match and retaining the WWE Championship .
Goldberg then successfully took Lesnar down with a Spear , that would only draw a two count after a pin attempt .
Next up was a Handicap match featuring Evolution ( Randy Orton , Batista and Ric Flair ) against The Rock 'n' Sock Connection ( The Rock and Mick Foley ) .
As Angle was outside , Guerrero loosened his ring boot to relieve the pain .
However , Guerrero escaped the hold by rolling through it and throwing Angle out of the ring .
It took place on March 14 , 2004 at Madison Square Garden in New York City .
The main rivalry heading into the pay-per-view was on the Raw brand , with Triple H , Shawn Michaels and Chris Benoit feuding over the World Heavyweight Championship .
's Benoit won the contest by last eliminating The Big Show .
On the last edition of SmackDown !
Triple H and Michaels would then team up to suplex Benoit through the announcer 's table , trying to eliminate him from the match .
The seventh match featured Brock Lesnar and Goldberg with special guest referee , Steve Austin .
The main match for the SmackDown !
As Michaels was about to submit , Triple H saved the match , attacking both men .
Lesnar then executed the F-5 maneuver on Goldberg , but also resulted in a two-count pin attempt .
Billy Kidman then entered the match , pinning and eliminating Noble following a top rope BK-Bomb .
Cena then immediately pinned The Big Show to win the match and the United States Championship .
Afterwards , Lesnar missed an attempt to knock Goldberg down , allowing Goldberg to execute another spear and a successful Jackhammer powerslam that led to a three count for Goldberg , thus winning the match .
Also at the pay-per-view , in the Royal Rumble match , SmackDown !
Michaels then attempted to hit Benoit again with his signature kick , the Sweet Chin Music , but Benoit countered it , throwing Michaels out of the ring .
Holly tried running towards the backstage area to escape the match 's stipulation , but was eventually stopped by Victoria who would knock her out and strap her into the barber 's chair , shaving her bald .
This was followed by the interpromotional Playboy Evening Gown match between Torrie Wilson and Sable against Stacy Keibler and Miss Jackie , which had both teams wrestle in lingerie .
The next match was a Fatal Four-Way tag match between the teams of Rob Van Dam and Booker T , Garrison Cade and Mark Jindrak , The Dudley Boyz ( Bubba Ray and D-Von ) and La Résistance ( René Duprée and Rob Conway ) for the World Tag Team Championship , held by Van Dam and Booker T. The match saw quick action between all four teams , and ended when Conway was pinned by Van Dam after Booker T used his signature Scissor kick on him , which was then followed by Van Dam 's signature dive from the top rope , the Five-Star Frog Splash , leading to the two retaining their title .
Guerrero used a DDT and Frog Splash maneuver on Angle that would result in a pin attempt ; Angle then recovered and secured Guerrero with an ankle lock hold .
The next match featured Eddie Guerrero and Kurt Angle over the WWE Championship .
This match marked the seventh title defense of the night , the most in WrestleMania history .
WrestleMania XX was the twentieth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
The first match that aired was a singles match between The Big Show and John Cena for the WWE United States Championship , the first time the title was ever defended at the event ; the match started out with The Big Show beating down on the challenger , not giving him any room .
Austin then executed a Stone Cold Stunner on both competitors to the crowd 's delight and celebrated with beer in the ring .
The event was a joint-promotion pay-per-view event , featuring performers from the Raw and SmackDown !
The card for the event featured two main events .
With the referee securing the chain with his back turned to the match , Cena hit Big Show with hidden brass knuckles and hoisted The Big Show up onto his shoulders for his finishing move , FU , for the second time in the match .
brand featured Eddie Guerrero versus Kurt Angle for the WWE Championship which Guerrero won after a small package .
The event grossed US$ 2.4 million in ticket sales , making the Pay-Per-View the highest grossing event ever for WWE at Madison Square Garden .
Benoit won the match , making Triple H submit via the Crippler Crossface .
He stated that , although Michaels should have a rematch , he had to `` enforce the law '' and that even though the Royal Rumble rules gave the winner of the match a shot at `` the ( world ) championship '' , there was not any specification as to which world title that was .
WrestleMania XX was the third WrestleMania at Madison Square Garden but the fourth of five Wrestlemanias to take place in the New York metropolitan area ( preceded by WrestleMania I , WrestleMania 2 , and WrestleMania X , followed by Wrestlemania 29 ) .
The Undertaker then retaliated giving a Kane a Chokeslam of his own and executing his deadly finisher Tombstone piledriver into a successful pinfall , thus winning the match and remaining undefeated at WrestleMania with a 12-0 record .
Kidman was then pinned and eliminated by Rey Mysterio with a Modified Powerbomb from the top rope .
The event featured the return of The Undertaker , who defeated Kane after a Tombstone Piledriver .
The match centered around both men furiously attacking each other ; Christian won the match after Jericho 's love interest , Trish Stratus , hit Jericho in the face with her elbow thinking Jericho was Christian , allowing Christian to roll him up for the win .
Cena grabbed his signature chain and tried to attack Big Show with it , however the referee saw Cena with the chain and confiscated it due to it being illegal in the match .
The Cruiserweight Champion , Chavo Guerrero , was the final entrant and pinned Mysterio with a reversal of Mysterio 's Sunset Flip to win with the assistance of his father Chavo Guerrero , Sr. , thus retaining the title .
Akio was the next scheduled entrant but was unable to compete due to being inadvertently attacked by Tajiri with his signature green mist he spat out of his mouth when Mysterio ducked .
At the Royal Rumble event on January 25 , Triple H and Michaels faced each other again in a Last Man Standing match for the title , which resulted in a draw , and , as a result , Triple H retained the title , leaving question on who was the better of the two .
Benoit soon gained control over Michaels when he applied his signature hold the Crippler Crossface .
The next match was a gauntlet style match called the Cruiserweight Open for the Cruiserweight Championship , which saw cruiserweight competitors around the outside of the ring , while two competitors wrestled in the ring .
As one wrestler lost , another one entered .
More than 20,000 people from 16 countries , 48 states attended the event , which was also televised in more than 90 countries .
On the following week 's edition of SmackDown !
This time , Guerrero pushed Angle off with his other foot , allowing him to break free from Angle 's hold and leaving the challenger holding the champion 's boot .
The Triple Threat match between Shawn Michaels , Chris Benoit and Triple H for the World Heavyweight Championship has received critical acclaim with many wrestling publications and websites calling this match this one of the greatest wrestling matches of all time .
The following night , on the January 26 edition of Raw , Michaels and Triple H were involved in an in-ring confrontation when Raw 's authority figure ( referred to as the `` Sheriff '' ) , Steve Austin , made his way to the ring .
As this occurred , Triple H attempted to execute the Pedigree again on Benoit , but Benoit countered and locked into the Crippler Crossface , and Triple H submitted .
The Polish Aviation Museum ( Polish : Muzeum Lotnictwa Polskiego w Krakowie ) is a large museum of old aircraft and aircraft engines in Kraków , Poland .
It is located at the site of the no-longer functional Kraków-Rakowice-Czyżyny Airport .
Salinger died of natural causes on January 27 , 2010 , at his home in Cornish , New Hampshire .
Salinger was raised in Manhattan and began writing short stories while in secondary school .
Several were published in Story magazine in the early 1940s before he began serving in World War II .
In 1948 , his critically acclaimed story `` A Perfect Day for Bananafish '' appeared in The New Yorker magazine , which became home to much of his later work .
Jerome David Salinger was born in New York City , on New Year 's Day , 1919 .
In 1110 , Fulk married Ermengarde of Maine ( died 1126 ) , the daughter of Elias I of Maine .
Their four children were : His second wife was Melisende , Queen of Jerusalem
Baldwin II had no male heirs but had already designated his daughter Melisende to succeed him .
Ra-Horakhty In later Egyptian mythology , Ra-Horakhty was more of a title or manifestation than a composite deity .
The sun disk was either seen as the body or eye of Ra .
It is located in the Sorbian settlement area of the Upper Lusatia , a region where some people speak the Sorbian language in addition to German .
The first film , Bleach : Memories of Nobody , was released in Japan on December 16 , 2006 and had a limited release in American theaters in June 2008 .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tite Kubo .
Bleach follows the adventures of Ichigo Kurosaki after he obtains the powers of a Soul Reaper ( 死神 , Shinigami ?
The main garment of an ice hockey uniform , which was traditionally called a sweater , is increasingly known as a hockey jersey .
Jersey , in the Channel Islands , was famous for its knitting trade in medieval times , and because of that original fame , the name jersey is still applied to many forms of knitted fabric , round or flat .
Cycling jerseys of specific color or pattern represent certain statuses in cycling , such as the maillot jaune ( yellow jersey ) of the leader of the Tour de France , or the rainbow jersey .
It is usually close-fitting and machine knitted in contrast to a guernsey that is more often hand knit with a thicker yarn .
The traditional jersey , and traditional guernsey , are dyed a navy blue color , using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil , rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant .
The wool used in guernseys is often passed through oil in order to render it doubly water-resistant .
When a jersey is retired that player 's jersey is placed usually where the team plays in honor of that player 's accomplishment .
In some sports , such as hockey , baseball , basketball , and American football , a player 's jersey may be `` retired '' .
This garment , along with basketball jerseys which are usually sleeveless and baseball jerseys which are usually button up , have become fashion accessories .
A jersey is an item of knitted clothing , traditionally in wool or cotton , with sleeves , worn as a pullover , as it does not open at the front , unlike a cardigan .
Alternatively , a jersey as used in sport is a shirt worn by a member of a team , typically depicting the athlete 's name and team number as well as the logotype of the team or corporate sponsor .
The word is usually used interchangeably with sweater .
Cycling jerseys are usually made of synthetic microfiber material to aid in wicking sweat away from the skin to allow it to evaporate .
Generally , when a jersey is retired , the number on the player 's jersey is made unavailable for future players .
Werner Karl Heisenberg ( 5 December 1901 - 1 February 1976 ) was a German theoretical physicist and one of the key creators of quantum mechanics .
Heisenberg was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1932 `` for the creation of quantum mechanics '' .
The 10 German scientists were held at Farm Hall in England .
He was awarded the 1932 Nobel Prize in Physics .
Examples are the Karori Wildlife Sanctuary in Wellington City , from which about a ton of dead possums was removed after the installation of a mammal-proof fence , and the Maungatautari Restoration Project .
An estimated 30 tons of dead possums were removed from Kapiti Island , for example .
There are also about 60 species of lizard ( 30 each of gecko and skink ) , and four species of frog ( all rare and endangered ) .
Because of the lack of predators even the bats spend most of their time on the ground .
Europeans later brought pigs , ferrets , stoats , mice , rats , dogs , cats , sheep , cattle , and many other mammals .
In recent years , successful efforts have been made to remove possums , rats , ferrets , and other mammals from many offshore islands , large and small , in an effort to return these places to something more closely resembling their original state .
This meant that all the ecological niches occupied by mammals elsewhere were occupied by either insects or birds , leading to an unusually large number of flightless birds , including the Kiwi , the Weka , the Moa , and the Kakapo .
Humans first arrived via the Pacific islands , in several waves at some time before 1300 , bringing with them the Polynesian Rat ( Kiore ) and the domesticated dog .
Possums were introduced from Australia for a fur industry , and deer from Europe as game animals , both seriously damaging the forest habitat of many birds .
Of these , the rats , ferrets , cats , stoats and dogs have all seriously impacted the New Zealand fauna , driving many species to extinction .
In a further step , in certain mainland reserves mammals are being completely eliminated within predator-proof fences creating ecological islands .
Similarly , efforts are being made to control such species in selected locations on the mainland .
The Aidi or Chien de l'Atlas is a Moroccan dog breed used as a livestock guardian , protecting herds of sheep and goats .
In its native Morocco it is often paired in hunting with the Sloughi , which chases down prey that the Aidi has located by scent .
It was named in August 2003 after Orthosie , the Greek goddess of prosperity and one of the Horae .
The Horae ( Hours ) were daughters of Zeus and Themis .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001 , and given the temporary designation S\/2001 J 9 .
Orthosie is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,568 Mm in 602.619 days , at an inclination of 142 ° to the ecliptic ( 143 ° to Jupiter 's equator ) , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.2433 .
Orthosie belongs to the Ananke group , retrograde irregular moons which orbit Jupiter between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , at inclinations of roughly 150 ° .
Ooooooohhh ... On the TLC Tip is the debut studio album from American R&B group TLC , released February 25 , 1992 on LaFace Records .
The album peaked at number 14 on the US Billboard 200 chart .
According to Nielsen SoundScan it sold 2.5 million copies in the US .
TLC signed their first contract with LaFace Records on August 16 , 1991 and began production on their debut album .
Roberta Peters ( born May 4 , 1930 ) is an American coloratura soprano .
Peters was briefly married to baritone Robert Merrill in 1952 , later admitting she had fallen in love with the voice and not the man .
Extreme shortness in humans with proportional body parts usually has a hormonal cause , such as growth-hormone deficiency , once called pituitary dwarfism .
Disorders causing dwarfism are often classified by proportionality .
Thus , like other heroes in Greek mythology such as Theseus and the Dioskouroi , Tantalus had both a hidden , divine parent and a mortal one .
The Bank of Japan ( 日本銀行 , Nippon Ginkō ?
Following the passage of the Convertible Bank Note Regulations ( May 1884 ) , the Bank of Japan issued its first banknotes in 1885 ( Meiji 18 ) .
It has its headquarters in Chuo , Tokyo .
In 1897 Japan joined the gold standard and in 1899 the former `` national '' banknotes were formally phased out .
The institution was given a monopoly on controlling the money supply in 1884 , but it would be another 20 years before the previously issued notes were retired .
In the same year , the paper won the Spring 2008 Columbia Gold Crown , awarded to only eight college newspapers nationwide , an award it has won many times before .
In 2004 , the DP won the Pacemaker , awarded by the Associated Collegiate Press and the Newspaper Association of America Foundation , for a record-setting fourth consecutive year .
The Daily Pennsylvanian has won many of the most prestigious awards in college journalism .
It also received first place in the Associated Collegiate Press 's Kansas City Convention Best of Show Competition in 2008 .
Several of its writers win Gold Circles from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association every year .
In 2008 , the newspaper was awarded the Society of Professional Journalists ' National Mark of Excellence Award .
The Daily Pennsylvanian ( The DP ) is the independent daily student newspaper of the University of Pennsylvania .
It was also ranked as the `` most read '' college newspaper by The Princeton Review in 1990 , 1997 , 1998 , and 2001 .
It also won the award in 1990 , 1997 , and 1998 , and most recently in 2007 .
Today the newspaper 's budget is funded primarily through the sale of advertising by a student business staff .
Founded in 1885 , the newspaper has been published daily since 1894 , except for a hiatus from May 1943 to November 1945 on account of World War II .
In 2006 , College Publisher awarded the DP first place in the category of Best Online Sports Coverage and , in 2008 , it was awarded an online Gold Crown for thedp.com .
The DP broke away from the university in 1962 to become an independent publication , incorporating in 1984 to solidify its financial and editorial independence from the university .
Koalas can be subject to pathogens like Chlamydiaceae bacteria , which can cause keratoconjunctivitis , urinary tract infection and reproductive tract infection .
The joey crawls into its mother 's pouch to continue the rest of its development .
Other names like monkey bear , native bear , and tree-bear have also been used .
It was the Yankees ' first loss in a World Series since 1942 and only their second since 1926 .
It would be the only Series the Dodgers won in Brooklyn ( the team relocated to Los Angeles after the 1957 season ) .
While the Yankees were 15-2 in Series appearances during that time , they would lose again in 1957 , 1960 , 1963 , and 1964 , for a record of 4-5 in World Series over the next decade .
The 1955 World Series matched the Brooklyn Dodgers against the New York Yankees , with the Dodgers winning the Series in seven games to capture their first championship in franchise history .
This Series also marked the end of a long period of invulnerability for the Yankees in World Series .
This was the fifth time in nine years that the Yankees and the Dodgers met in World Series , with the Yankees having won in 1947 , 1949 , 1952 and 1953 .
Grove wrote the program notes for the concerts .
Keidran Jones ( born 15 April 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Iyaz ( pronounced EYE-az ) , is a singer-songwriter and dancer from the British Virgin Islands signed with the record label Beluga Heights Records .
In an interview with HitQuarters , Rotem described Iyaz 's creative perfectionism : Iyaz also appeared on the fourth season of Hannah Montana , Hannah Montana Forever and made a song with Miley Cyrus called `` Gonna Get This '' , which is featured on the Hannah Montana Forever soundtrack album .
Meanwhile , Marco Polo 's mother died , and he was raised by an aunt and uncle .
The book soon spread throughout Europe in manuscript form , and became known as The Travels of Marco Polo .
The entire corporation is overseen by the Earl Marshal , a hereditary office held by the Duke of Norfolk , currently Edward Fitzalan-Howard , 18th Duke of Norfolk .
However this has not been the case , in 1616 Ralph Brooke , York Herald , tricked Garter King of Arms , William Segar , into granting a coat of arms to Gregory Brandon , a common hangman , for a fee of 22 shillings .
By 1530 , the heralds applied a property qualification , requiring successful candidates for a grant of arms to have an income from land of # 10 per annum , or movable wealth of # 300 .
The College comprises thirteen officers or heralds : three Kings of Arms , six Heralds of Arms and four Pursuivants of Arms .
There are also seven officers extraordinary , who take part in ceremonial occasions but are not part of the College .
The book includes 36 short essays predicting the consequences of global warming .
The Weather Makers : The History and Future Impact of Climate Change ( 2005 ) is a book by Tim Flannery .
The book argues that if atmospheric carbon dioxide levels continue to increase at current rates , the resulting climate change will cause mass species extinctions .
The book received critical acclaim .
The book reviews evidence of historical climate change and attempts to compare this with the current era .
This area is great for bird watching , beach combing , hiking trails , birds , whale watching , gift shops , accommodations , restaurants , and unique flora and fauna .
Loyalists founded Freeport in 1784 establishing fishing and trading industries .
Place names such as Petit Passage , Grand Passage and the Saint Mary 's Bay can be attributed to the French explorer , Champlain , who first visited the area in 1604 .
Prior to this it had been inhabited by the Mi ` kmaq Indians .
Freeport , Nova Scotia is in Digby County , Nova Scotia and it is located on Long Island in the Bay of Fundy .
At the end of Digby Neck on Long Island , Freeport is a working fishing village nestled around tidal basin .
Hemingway has a perfume , `` Mariel '' , by H2O + .
She has begun hosting a series of yoga practice videos Yoga Now , with guru Rodney Yee .
She has said she formed a `` big connection with the gay-and-lesbian community '' after Personal Best and enjoys taking roles in `` cutting-edge '' productions .
In connection with Personal Best , she appeared in a pictorial in the April 1982 issue of Playboy and was on the cover .
Her breast implants were removed years later after they had ruptured .
She starred as Dorothy Stratten in Star 80 ( 1983 ) , a film about the Playboy model 's life and murder .
She is currently the host of Spiritual Cinema , a monthly television show dedicated to spiritual films .
Hemingway 's first role was with her sister Margaux in the film Lipstick ( 1976 ) .
Hemingway , however , is not gay .
In 1997 she played in `` Road Ends '' ( Kat ) with Dennis Hopper Hemingway has played a lesbian or bisexual woman in several films and television shows , including , Personal Best , The Sex Monster , In Her Line of Fire , and episodes of the TV series Roseanne ( `` Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell '' and `` December Bride '' ) and Crossing Jordan .
Hemingway 's most famous role was in Woody Allen 's Manhattan ( 1979 ) , a romantic comedy in which she plays Tracy , a high school student and Allen 's lover .
Mariel Hadley Hemingway ( born November 22 , 1961 ) is an American actress and author .
In Personal Best ( 1982 ) , she played a bisexual track and field athlete in a film noted for some explicit ( by mainstream standards ) lesbian love scenes .
The movie was not considered especially good , but she received notice for her acting and was nominated as `` Best Newcomer '' for the Golden Globes Award that year .
Reports circulated for years that Hemingway had had her breasts enlarged to play the role of Stratten , but during a 2007 appearance on the late-night talk and variety show , Fashionably Late with Stacy London , she said she had had the surgery before Star 80 .
Just 16 during filming ( within the film she is said to be 17 ) , she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
As of early 2011 , Hemingway has been romantically linked with former stuntman Bobby Williams , with whom she has co-authored several self-help books .
In December 2008 , Hemingway announced via her web site 's blog that she had separated earlier in the year from her husband Stephen Crisman , to whom she had been married since December 9 , 1984 .
He sought to consolidate royal power and crush domestic factions .
The Cardinal de Richelieu was often known by the title of the King 's `` Chief Minister '' or `` First Minister '' .
Richelieu is also known by the sobriquet l'Éminence rouge ( `` the Red Eminence '' ) , from the red shade of a cardinal 's clerical dress and the style `` eminence '' as a cardinal .
Richelieu was also famous for his patronage of the arts ; most notably , he founded the Académie Française , the learned society responsible for matters pertaining to the French language .
As an advocate for Samuel de Champlain and of the retention of New France , he founded the Compagnie des Cent-Associés and saw the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye return Quebec City to French rule under Champlain , after the settlement had been captured by the Kirkes in 1629 .
By restraining the power of the nobility , he transformed France into a strong , centralized state .
This in part allowed the colony to eventually develop into the heartland of Francophone culture in North America .
Richelieu soon rose in both the Catholic Church and the French government , becoming a Cardinal in 1622 , and King Louis XIII 's chief minister in 1624 .
Armand Jean du Plessis , cardinal-duc de Richelieu et de Fronsac ( French pronunciation : ( ʁiʃəljø ) ; 9 September 1585 - 4 December 1642 ) was a French clergyman , noble and statesman .
He remained in office until his death in 1642 ; he was succeeded by Cardinal Mazarin , whose career he had fostered .
His chief foreign policy objective was to check the power of the Austro-Spanish Habsburg dynasty , and to ensure French dominance in the Thirty Years ' War that engulfed Europe .
As a result , he is considered to be the world 's first Prime Minister , in the modern sense of the term .
Consecrated as a bishop in 1608 , he later entered politics , becoming a Secretary of State in 1616 .
World War I caused Willesden to change from a predominantly middle class suburb to a working class part of London .
The April 2011 derecho and tornado outbreak was a large-scale damaging wind and tornado outbreak that affected the South and Eastern parts of the United States .
However , there were no reported tornadoes .
The colubrine sea krait , banded sea krait or yellow-lipped sea krait ( Laticauda colubrina ) is a species of sea snake found in tropical Indo-Pacific oceanic waters .
Rest of the head is black .
The OHA was established on 6 November 2007 , led by Google with 47 members including mobile handset makers , application developers , some mobile carriers and chip makers .
The members of the Open Handset Alliance are :
They had a son , José Raúl Jr. , in 1923 and a daughter , Gloria , in 1925 .
Immediately after winning the match , Alekhine announced that he was willing to give Capablanca a return match , on the same terms that Capablanca had required as champion - the challenger must provide a stake of US $ 10,000 , of which more than half would go to the defending champion even if he was defeated .
At the beginning of the tournament , Ossip Bernstein and Aron Nimzowitsch objected to Capablanca 's presence because he had not fulfilled the entry condition of winning at least third prize in two master tournaments .
At the age of eight he was taken to Havana Chess Club , which had hosted many important contests , but on the advice of a doctor he was not allowed to play frequently .
In December 1921 , shortly after becoming World Champion , Capablanca married Gloria Simoni Betancourt .
Capablanca entered the match with no technical or physical preparation , while Alekhine got himself into good physical condition , and had thoroughly studied Capablanca 's play .
On the other hand , Vladimir Kramnik thought that Lasker played quite well and the match was an `` even and fascinating fight '' until Lasker blundered in the last game .
In the same year he joined the Manhattan Chess Club , and was soon recognized as the club 's strongest player .
Between November and December 1901 , he narrowly beat the Cuban Chess Champion , Juan Corzo , in a match .
A group of Argentinian businessmen , backed by a guarantee from the president of Argentina , promised the funds for a World Championship match between Capablanca and Alekhine in 1927 .
The match was played in March-April 1921 ; Lasker resigned it after fourteen games , having lost four games and won none .
His loss , against Rubinstein , was one of the most brilliant achievements of the latter 's career .
Vladimir Kramnik commented that this was the first contest in which Capablanca had no easy wins .
In 1908 he left the university to concentrate on chess .
He was particularly dominant in rapid chess , winning a tournament ahead of the reigning World Chess Champion , Emanuel Lasker , in 1906 .
According to Capablanca , he learned the rules of the game at the age of four by watching his father play , pointed out an illegal move by his father , and then beat his father twice .
Their relationship became bitter , and Alekhine demanded much higher appearance fees for tournaments in which Capablanca also played .
Capablanca was now recognized as a serious contender for the world championship .
According to Kasparov , Alekhine 's research uncovered many small inaccuracies , which occurred because Capablanca was unwilling to concentrate intensely .
Capablanca 's high blood pressure was not correctly diagnosed and treated until after the AVRO tournament , and caused him to lose his train of thought towards the end of playing sessions .
Capablanca placed first in the preliminary tournament , 1 1\/2 points ahead of Lasker , who was out of practice and made a shaky start .
Lasker accepted his challenge while proposing 17 conditions for the match .
Despite a determined effort by Lasker , Capablanca still seemed on course for ultimate victory .
Capablanca objected to some of the conditions , which favored Lasker , and the match did not take place .
In January 1920 , Emanuel Lasker and Capablanca signed an agreement to play a World Championship match in 1921 , noting that Capablanca was not free to play in 1920 .
Alekhine commented : After the breakdown of his attempt to negotiate a title match in 1911 , Capablanca drafted rules for the conduct of future challenges , which were agreed by the other top players at the 1914 Saint Petersburg tournament , including Lasker , and approved at the Mannheim Congress later that year .
However , in April 1902 he only came in fourth out of six in the National Championship , losing both his games against Corzo .
Luděk Pachman suggested that Capablanca , who was unaccustomed to losing games or to any other type of setback , became depressed over his unnecessary loss of the eleventh game , a long , gruelling endgame , featuring errors by both players .
However , in their second game of the final , Lasker reduced Capablanca to a helpless position and Capablanca was so shaken by this that he blundered away his next game to Siegbert Tarrasch .
This event was arranged in an unusual way : after a preliminary single round-robin tournament involving 11 players , the top five were to play a second stage in double round-robin format , with total scores from the preliminary tournament carried forward to the second contest .
The following year , Capablanca won an even stronger tournament in Moscow , one point ahead of Botvinnik and 3 1\/2 ahead of Salo Flohr , who took third place ; A month later , he shared first place with Botvinnik at Nottingham , with a score of ( +5 − 1 = 8 ) , losing only to Flohr .
José Raúl Capablanca y Graupera ( 19 November 1888 - 8 March 1942 ) was a Cuban chess player who was world chess champion from 1921 to 1927 .
Alekhine 's victory surprised almost the entire chess world .
Since Capablanca had won the New York 1927 chess tournament overwhelmingly and had never lost a game to Alekhine , the Cuban was regarded by most pundits as the clear favorite in their World Chess Championship 1927 match .
The main points were : the champion must be prepared to defend his title once a year ; the match should be won by the first player to win six or eight games , whichever the champion preferred ; and the stake should be at least # 1,000 ( worth about # 26,000 or 40,000 in 2013 terms ) .
He tied for second place at Semmering in 1937 , then could only finish seventh of the eight players at the 1938 AVRO tournament , an élite contest designed to select a challenger for Alekhine 's world title .
In 1911 , Capablanca challenged Emanuel Lasker for the World Chess Championship .
Negotiations dragged on for several years , often breaking down when agreement seemed in sight .
After Capablanca 's death , Alekhine expressed surprise at his own victory , since in 1927 he had not thought he was superior to Capablanca , and he suggested that Capablanca had been overconfident .
Kramnik explained that Capablanca was twenty years younger , a slightly stronger player , and had more recent competitive practice .
However , Alekhine won the match , played from September to November 1927 at Buenos Aires , by 6 wins , 3 losses , and 25 draws - the longest formal World Championship match until the contest in 1984-85 between Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov .
He made another bad start at the Moscow 1925 chess tournament , and could only fight back to third place , two points behind Bogoljubow and 1\/2 point behind Emanuel Lasker .
According to Capablanca 's second wife , Olga , his first marriage broke down fairly soon , and he and Gloria had affairs .
Hooper and Whyld write that , `` He had no specific duties , but was expected to act as a kind of ambassador-at-large , a well-known figure who would put Cuba on the map wherever he traveled . ''
Capablanca 's defeat at the hands of Richard Réti in the fifth round was his first in serious competition in eight years .
In September 1913 , Capablanca received a job in the Cuban Foreign Office , which made him financially secure for life .
Capablanca won brilliantly against Bernstein in the very first round , more simply against Nimzowitsch , and astounded the chess world by taking first place , with a score of six wins , one loss and seven draws , ahead of Akiba Rubinstein , Milan Vidmar , Marshall , Carl Schlechter and Siegbert Tarrasch , et al. .
In 1905 Capablanca passed the entrance examinations with ease for Columbia University in New York City , where he wished to play for Columbia 's strong baseball team , and soon was selected as shortstop on the freshman team .
These tournaments of 1936 were the last two that Lasker played , and the only ones in which Capablanca finished ahead of Lasker , now 67 .
Lasker then won his final game , against Marshall , thus finishing half a point ahead of Capablanca and 3 1\/2 ahead of Alekhine .
José Raúl Capablanca , the second surviving son of a Spanish army officer , was born in Havana on November 19 , 1888 .
During these triumphs Capablanca began to suffer symptoms of high blood pressure .
Before the tournament , Capablanca wrote that he had `` more experience but less power '' than in 1911 , that he had peaked in 1919 and that some of his competitors had become stronger in the meantime ; however , he finished undefeated , winning the mini-matches with each of his rivals , 2 1\/2 points ahead of second-place Alekhine , and won the `` best game '' prize for a win over Spielmann .
At Moscow 1935 Capablanca finished fourth , 1 point behind the joint winners , while Emanuel Lasker 's third place at the age of 66 was hailed as `` a biological miracle . ''
The St. Petersburg 1914 chess tournament was the first in which Capablanca played Lasker under normal tournament conditions .
After beginning with four draws , followed by a loss , Capablanca placed second at the New York 1924 chess tournament with the score of 14\/20 ( +10 − 1 = 9 ) , 1 1\/2 points behind Emanuel Lasker , and 2 ahead of third-placed Alekhine .
According to David Hooper and Ken Whyld , San Sebastián 1911 was `` one of the strongest five tournaments held up to that time '' , as all the world 's leading players competed except the World Champion , Lasker .
After a war of 10 years , the Granada War , in 1492 , the Catholic Monarchs drove out the last Moorish king of Granada .
For instance , normally the Habsburg Netherlands are included , as they were part of the possessions of the King of Spain , were governed by Spanish officials , and were defended by Spanish troops .
However , authors like the British historian Henry Kamen contend that these territories were not fully integrated into a Spanish state and instead formed part of the wider Habsburg possessions .
After their victory , the Catholic Monarchs negotiated with Christopher Columbus , a Genoese sailor attempting to reach Cipangu by sailing west .
Seven months before the treaty of Alcaçovas , King John II of Aragon died , and his son Ferdinand II of Aragon inherited the thrones of the Crown of Aragon ; therefore , a personal union was created between the Crown of Aragon and Castile , each with their own administrations , but ruled by a common monarchy .
Thomas Boller and others proposed that the vacuole participates in the destruction of invading bacteria and Robert B Mellor proposed organ-specific forms have a role in ` housing ' symbiotic bacteria .
A vacuole is a membrane-bound organelle which is present in all plant and fungal cells and some protist , animal and bacterial cells .
Their range is from southern Labrador to Rhode Island .
The first inhabitants of the Chattanooga area were American Indians .
Chattanooga is home to the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga ( UTC ) and Chattanooga State Community College .
The first bookmaker in the United Kingdom is considered to be Harry Ogden , who opened a business in the 1790s , although similar activities had existed in other forms earlier in the century .
A bookmaker , bookie , or turf accountant is an organization or a person that takes bets on sporting and other events at agreed upon odds .
Radiators are commonly used to heat buildings .
The single-pipe radiators work with steam , while the double-pipe radiators work with steam or hot water .
Radiators are used for cooling internal combustion engines , mainly in automobiles but also in piston-engined aircraft , railway locomotives , motorcycles , stationary generating plants and other places where such engines are used .
Radiators often have one or more fans that blow air through the radiator .
The cold coolant is fed back to the engine , and the cycle repeats .
Firestar 's Quest , the first Warriors Super Edition , was released on 25 August 2007 .
Graystripe 's trilogy is a three-volume series following Graystripe from the time that he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returns to ThunderClan in The Sight .
Hollyleaf 's Story was released on 3 March 2012 .
Mistystar discovers a shocking secret about RiverClan and her leadership is plunged into crisis as soon as it begins .
Crookedstar 's Promise was released on 5 July 2011 .
On the way back to the forest , the traveling cats meet a group of cats called the Tribe of Rushing Water , who are being terrorised by a mountain lion called Sharptooth .
Bluestar 's Prophecy was released on 28 July 2009 .
There are currently five sub-series , each containing six books .
Brambleclaw decides that he does not want to become leader by force , and refuses to kill Firestar .
As of the census of 2010 , there were 18,367 people , 8,296 households , and 4,626 families residing in the city .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 14.67 square miles ( 38.00 km2 ) , of which , 13.82 square miles ( 35.79 km2 ) is land and 0.85 square miles ( 2.20 km2 ) is water .
The American Indians called the area `` Ahdawagam '' , meaning `` Two-sided Rapids '' .
38.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 16.8 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
The median age in the city was 41.1 years .
22.8 % of residents were under the age of 18 ; 8.5 % were between the ages of 18 and 24 ; 23.3 % were from 25 to 44 ; 25.5 % were from 45 to 64 ; and 19.8 % were 65 years of age or older .
Although this is a list of radio stations based in the Wisconsin Rapids area , the signals of radio stations from much of Central Wisconsin are commonly received in the city .
There were 8,972 housing units at an average density of 649.2 per square mile ( 250.7 \/ km2 ) .
Although Europeans began to settle this area in the 1830s , Wisconsin Rapids has been known by this name only since 1920 .
There were 8,296 households of which 27.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 39.1 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , 4.8 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 44.2 % were non-families .
The population density was 1,329.0 inhabitants per square mile ( 513.1 \/ km2 ) .
AM Radio stations FM Radio stations
The racial makeup of the city was 92.2 % White , 0.7 % African American , 1.0 % Native American , 3.7 % Asian , 0.9 % from other races , and 1.5 % from two or more races .
The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.87 .
The name was changed in 1920 to avoid mail and other goods from being misdirected to the much better known Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Wisconsin Rapids is located at 44 ° 23 ′ 12 ″ N 89 ° 49 ′ 23 ″ W \/ 44.38667 ° N 89.82306 ° W \/ 44.38667 ; -89.82306 ( 44.386805 , -89.823078 ) .
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.9 % of the population .
The gender makeup of the city was 47.8 % male and 52.2 % female .
Prior to that , the community was divided by the Wisconsin River , with the west side incorporated as Centralia and the east side as Grand Rapids .
Wisconsin Rapids ( Hoocąk : Wašjįk ) is a city in and the county seat of Wood County , Wisconsin , United States .
The population was 18,367 at the 2010 census .
Arnold Brown , Andre Champagne , Gerry Cheevers , Jack Cole , Paul Conlin , Terry Clancy , Bruce Draper , Dave Draper , Dave Dryden , Roger Galipeau , Paul Jackson , Larry Keenan , Duncan MacDonald , Bill MacMillan , Barry MacKenzie , Peter Noakes , Terry O'Malley , Sonny Osborne , Brian Walsh .
The 1961 Memorial Cup final was the 43rd junior ice hockey championship of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association .
Coach : Father David Bauer .
In a best-of-seven series , held at the Edmonton Gardens in Edmonton , Alberta , St. Michael 's won their 4th Memorial Cup , defeating Edmonton 4 games to 2 .
The George Richardson Memorial Trophy champions Toronto St. Michael 's Majors of the Ontario Hockey Association in Eastern Canada competed against the Abbott Cup champions Edmonton Oil Kings of the Central Alberta Hockey League in Western Canada .
The Ordnance Survey National Grid reference system is a system of geographic grid references used in Great Britain , different from using latitude and longitude .
The Ordnance Survey ( OS ) devised the national grid reference system , and it is heavily used in their survey data , and in maps ( whether published by the Ordnance Survey or commercial map producers ) based on those surveys .
Richard I ( 8 September 1157 - 6 April 1199 ) was King of England from 6 July 1189 until his death .
He was the third of five sons of King Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine .
The Jeep Wrangler is a compact and mid-size ( Wrangler Unlimited models ) four-wheel drive off-road and sport utility vehicle ( SUV ) , manufactured by American automaker Chrysler , under its Jeep marque - and currently in its third generation .
The extracted vapor may be collected in a jar or inflatable bag , or inhaled directly through a hose or pipe .
The first flame ionization detector was developed in 1957 by scientists working for the CSIRO in Melbourne , Australia .
Flame ionization detectors are used very widely in gas chromatography because of a number of advantages .
A flame ionization detector ( FID ) is a scientific instrument that measures the concentration of organic species in a gas stream .
Also in the neighborhood , in the Valle Bona area , are excavations of Etruscan tombs .
Outside the city , in direction of Lajatico , is the Medici Villa di Spedaletto .
When the Florentine Republic fell in 1530 , Volterra came under the control of the Medici family and later followed the history of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany .
It became a municipium in the Roman Age .
The town was a Neolithic settlement and an important Etruscan center ( Velathri or Felathri in Etruscan , Velàthre , Βελάθρη in Greek ) with an original civilization .
The Macedonian phalanx is an infantry formation developed by Philip II and used by his son Alexander the Great to conquer the Persian Empire and other armies .
In 1255 , Pope Alexander IV made him Patriarch of Jerusalem .
He was not a cardinal , one of only a few popes since his time that have not been Cardinals , including Urban V and Urban VI .
Pope Urban IV ( Latin : Urbanus IV ; c. 1195 - 2 October 1264 ) , born Jacques Pantaléon , was Pope from 29 August 1261 to his death in 1264 .
He studied theology and common law in Paris and was appointed a canon of Laon and later Archdeacon of Liège .
He chose the regnal name of Urban IV .
In the semiconductor industry , chlorine trifluoride is used to clean chemical vapor deposition chambers .
Chlorine trifluoride is an interhalogen compound with the formula ClF3 .
The Auton Rory assists the Doctor , Amy , and River Song ( Alex Kingston ) in saving the universe from the explosion that caused the cracks in time .
He is shocked to meet Amy 's ` imaginary ' `` Raggedy Doctor '' - the Eleventh Doctor ( Matt Smith ) , whom he instantly recognizes from Amy 's childhood stories .
He becomes known as the `` Last Centurion '' , guarding the Pandorica wherever it is taken .
Having been introduced at the start of the 5th series , Rory joins the Eleventh Doctor ( Matt Smith ) as a companion in the middle of Series 5 .
He attempts to fight his Auton programming , but unwillingly shoots Amy .
Once reality is restored , however , they are visited by their daughter River , who tells them the secret that the Doctor is still alive , and that the version of him that died had been a robot duplicate .
Rory Williams is a fictional character portrayed by Arthur Darvill in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Amy gives birth to their daughter Melody Pond , between `` The Almost People '' and `` A Good Man Goes To War '' ; Madame Kovarian ( Frances Barber ) and the Silence plan to raise her as a weapon against the Doctor because she has been born with Time Lord-like abilities .
The Doctor and River marry in `` The Wedding of River Song '' , and Rory becomes the Doctor 's father-in-law .
Rory travels with the Doctor and Amy until Series 5 , Episode 9 `` Cold Blood '' , in which he is shot dead by a Silurian after saving the Doctor and then absorbed by a crack in time and space , erasing him from existence and from Amy 's memory .
Rory features prominently in `` The Girl Who Waited '' , where he is confronted with the horrible consequences time travel has had on a version of his wife , and in `` The God Complex '' he is the only one of the TARDIS crew who is not hunted by the creature that feeds on faith because of Rory 's rational nature and lack of personal faith .
The Doctor eventually realizes the danger he is exposing his friends to and returns Amy and Rory to Earth , giving them a house and a car as exit presents .
From the age of eight , Horowitz knew he wanted to be a writer , realizing `` the only time when I 'm totally happy is when I 'm writing '' .
She also gave him a human skull for his 13th birthday .
Horowitz said in an interview that it reminds him to get to the end of each story since he will soon look like the skull .
He graduated from the University of York with a BA in English literature in 1977 .
They have two sons , Nicholas Mark Horowitz ( born 1989 ) and Cassian James Horowitz ( born 1991 ) .
He is a patron of child protection charity Kidscape .
There , he entertained his peers by telling them the stories he had read .
In at least one interview , Horowitz claims to believe that H. P. Lovecraft based his fictional Necronomicon on a real text , and to have read some of that text .
He credits his family with much of his success in writing , as he says they help him with ideas and research .
As an overweight and unhappy child , Horowitz enjoyed reading books from his father 's library .
He was the creator and principal writer of the ITV series Foyle 's War , Collision and Injustice .
Green produces Foyle 's War , the series Horowitz writes for ITV .
Horowitz 's father was associated with some of the politicians in the `` circle '' of prime minister Harold Wilson , including Eric Miller .
His association with murder mysteries began with the adaptation of several Hercule Poirot stories for ITV 's popular Agatha Christie 's Poirot series during the 1990s .
Horowitz now lives in Central London with his wife Jill Green , whom he married in Hong Kong on 15 April 1988 .
Horowitz described his time in the school as `` a brutal experience '' , recalling that he was often beaten by the headmaster .
At the age of eight , Horowitz was sent to the boarding school Orley Farm in Harrow , Middlesex .
He died from cancer when his son Anthony was 22 , and the family was never able to track down the missing money despite years of trying .
The southern edge of the plain is marked by the Vindhya - and Satpura Range , and the Chota Nagpur Plateau .
Games are 14 minutes long , in two seven-minute halves .
If a match ends in a draw , it is decided by sudden-death penalty shootout and the winning team gets two points and the losing team gets one point .
The first annual football tournament for homeless people took place in 2003 in Graz , Austria .
The Homeless World Cup is a football tournament organized by the Homeless World Cup organization , a social organization which advocates the end of homelessness through the sport of association football ( or soccer ) .
The losing team gets zero points .
The Trump Building is a 70-story skyscraper in New York City .
The tower is the tallest mid-block building in New York City .
Originally known as the Bank of Manhattan Trust building , and also known as Manhattan Company Building , it was later known by its street address 40 Wall Street when its founding tenant merged to form the Chase Manhattan Bank .
This season was the last to air 30 minute episodes , and its reunion is hosted by Star Jones .
The second season of Bad Girls Club premiered on December 4 , 2007 , on Oxygen .
A Passover Story , the picture book based on `` A Rugrats Passover '' .
The islands make up part of the Virgin Islands archipelago ; the remaining islands constitute the US Virgin Islands and the Spanish Virgin Islands .
In 1989 , Sperry also received the National Medal of Science .
Roger Wolcott Sperry ( August 20 , 1913 - April 17 , 1994 ) was a neuropsychologist , neurobiologist and Nobel laureate who , together with David Hunter Hubel and Torsten Nils Wiesel , won the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine for his work with split-brain research .
Sperry was awarded numerous awards over his lifetime including the California Scientist of the Year Award in 1972 , the National Medal of Science in 1989 , the Wolf Prize in Medicine in 1979 , and the Albert Lasker Medical Research Award in 1979 , but the most important of all the awards he received was the Nobel Prize for Medicine\/Physiology in 1981 that he shared with David H. Hubel and Torsten N. Wiesel .
In his words , each hemisphere is : This research contributed greatly to understanding the lateralization of brain function .
This class sparked Sperry 's interest in the brain and how it can change .
In addition to being the purported author of nursery rhymes , Mother Goose is herself the title character of one such rhyme : Old Mother Goose , When she wanted to wander , Would ride through the air On a very fine gander .
The name `` Mother Goose '' has been associated , in the English-speaking world , with children 's poetry ever since .
Edward was crowned at the cathedral of Winchester , the royal seat of the West Saxons , on 3 April 1043 .
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle describes the popularity he enjoyed at his accession - `` before he ( Harthacnut ) was buried , all the people chose Edward as king in London . ''
He was canonised in 1161 by Pope Alexander III , and is commemorated on 13 October by both the Church of England and the Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales .
Following Harthacnut 's death on 8 June 1042 , Godwin , the most powerful of the English earls , supported Edward , who succeeded to the throne .
In 1041 , Harthacnut invited Edward back to England , probably as heir because he knew he had not long to live .
In 2007 , a single painting by Papunya Tula artist Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri set a record at auction for price commanded for Aboriginal art , bringing # 1.03 million ( or $ 2.4 million ) , more than twice as much as the previous record-holder .
In 1971 , Geoffrey Bardon , the school teacher at the community , encouraged the children to paint a mural using the traditional style of body and sand ceremonial art .
The group is known for its innovative work with the Western Desert Art Movement , popularly referred to as `` dot painting '' .
Handel wrote 22 keyboard suites ; Bach produced multiple suites for lute , cello , violin , flute , and other instruments , as well as English suites , French suites and Partitas for keyboard .
By the 1750s , the suite had come to be seen as old-fashioned , superseded by the symphony and concerto , and few composers were still writing suites during that time .
She is the aunt of actors Ryan , Geoff , AJ , Ira , Maxene , Andi , Gabby and Sid Lucero ( Tim Eigenmann ) .
She was formerly married to Rony Rogoff , an internationally-renowned violinist .
Together they have two children , Bianca and Raphael , in addition to her first child Jay .
In 2010 she was picked up to star in the fantasy series Grazilda for GMA Network .
She was in Phuket , Thailand with her family when the killer tsunami hit the area on December 26 , 2004 .
She is the best friend of Sharon Cuneta and the godmother to KC Concepcion .
She is best known for portraying the role of Lavinia Arquelles in the movie Bituing Walang Ningning .
Evangeline Rose De Mesa Eigenmann ( born May 12 , 1963 ) is a Filipino actress of Swiss German American , Spanish , and Filipino descent .
Cherie Gil is the daughter of Filipino actors Eddie Mesa and Rosemarie Gil and sister to actors Mark Gil and Michael de Mesa .
The GMA Network picked her to another television pilot Time of My Life .
They evacuated their hotel after hearing the splash of the giant waves .
In early 2011 , Cherie was picked up to join the cast of the comedy fantasy series , Magic Palayok co starred by Carla Abellana , and Geoff Eigenmann .
After several years active in Philippine show business , Gil will step down temporarily to have surgery abroad on her throat that is aching and immediately needs to be acted upon .
Currently she is seen in ABS-CBN .
Her most recent projects are in Katorse , a remake of a film starring Dina Bonevie and a remake of the 1983 film Pieta wherein she played Amanda which was originally portrayed by her mentor the late Charito Solis .
The series did not picked up for second season after the season 1 finale which is composed of 88 episodes .
She appeared on a number of hit teleseryes and primetime series in ABS-CBN .
The closest living relatives of humans are chimpanzees ( genus Pan ) and gorillas ( genus Gorilla ) .
It is named for Lachlan Macquarie , who was Governor of New South Wales between 1810 and 1821 .
The Division of Macquarie is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales .
The division is located to the west of Sydney , and today it covers a large part of the Blue Mountains , as well as the Hawkesbury region on Sydney 's western fringe .
The most prominent former member is Ben Chifley , who was Prime Minister of Australia from 1945 to 1949 , and was a member of the Australian Labor Party .
The division was created in 1900 and was one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election .
She was later taken to the emergency room .
On the May 23rd edition of Tough Enough , Christina was cut from the competition along with A.J. Kirsch .
On the May 16th edition of Tough Enough , Christina worked a match with A.J. Kirsch , but injured her ankle .
On August 14 , 2012 , Crawford was released from her WWE contract .
Christina Crawford ( born October 17 , 1988 ) is an American dancer and professional wrestler who worked for WWE under the ring name Caylee Turner .
At the August 21 episode of FCW televison , Caylee teamed up with Naomi in a winning effort defeating the team of Kaitlyn and Audrey Marie .
At the June 22 edition of a FCW house show , she teamed up with Irena Janjic to face Audrey Marie and Sonia in a tag team match At the August 7 , 2011 episode of FCW television , she teamed up with A.J. and Kaitlyn defeating the team of Sonia , Audrey Marie , and Raquel Diaz .
She debuted on July 8 , 2010 in a bikini contest .
In June 2010 , Crawford signed a developmental contract with WWE and was later assigned to Florida Championship Wrestling ( FCW ) .
It was not until November 20 that she made her in-ring debut , under the new ring name Caylee Turner , in a 6 diva tag team match with Rosa Mendes and Aksana but lost the match to AJ Lee , Kaitlyn and Naomi Knight .
After being cut on Tough Enough , Crawford re-signed with WWE .
In March 2011 , Crawford was announced as one of the fourteen contestants for the revival of Tough Enough .
One of the songs recorded , `` The Blues Had a Baby and They Named It Rock and Roll , Pt .
For the recordings Muddy used his then current touring band of guitarist Bob Margolin , pianist Pinetop Perkins , and drummer Willie `` Big Eyes '' Smith .
2 '' , was co-written by Brownie McGhee and another song , `` Bus Driver '' , was co-written by T. Abrahamson .
An outtake from the recording sessions , `` Walking Through the Park '' , appeared on the 2004 Legacy Recordings reissue CD , while several more unused tracks appeared on King Bee in 1981 .
Hard Again peaked at # 143 on the Billboard 200 , which was his first appearance on the chart since Fathers and Sons in 1969 .
Three of the songs on the album - `` Mannish Boy '' , `` I Want to Be Loved '' , and `` I Ca n't Be Satisfied '' - were re-recordings of songs that were previously recorded for Chess Records .
Dan Oppenheimer of Rolling Stone magazine said that `` Mannish Boy '' sounded like it was recorded live , while both Oppenheimer and Daniel Gioffre of Allmusic state how powerful Willie `` Big Eyes '' Smith 's drumming is .
All songs written by McKinley Morganfield , except where indicated .
Hard Again is the twelfth studio album by Muddy Waters .
The album was well received by music critics .
Oppenheimer and Gioffre both share the opinion that Hard Again is Muddy Waters comeback album .
Starting from version 10.0 , Mandrake Linux became known as Mandrakelinux , and its logo changed accordingly .
The development tree of Mandriva Linux has always been known as Cooker .
In February 2004 , MandrakeSoft lost a court case against Hearst Corporation , owners of King Features Syndicate .
As a precaution , MandrakeSoft renamed its products by removing the space between the brand name and the product name and changing the first letter of the product name to lower case , thus creating one word .
This tree is directly released as a new stable version .
Hearst contended that MandrakeSoft infringed upon King Features ' trademarked character Mandrake the Magician .
From its inception until the release of version 8.0 , Mandrake named its flagship distribution Linux-Mandrake .
From version 8.1 to 9.2 the distribution name was reversed and called Mandrake Linux .
The first release was based on Red Hat Linux ( version 5.1 ) and K Desktop Environment 1 in July 1998 .
Similarly , MandrakeMove ( a Live CD version ) became Mandrakemove .
Mandriva Linux is the brainchild of Gaël Duval , who wanted to focus on ease of use for new users .
The latest stable version is Mandriva Linux 2011 ( `` Hydrogen '' ) .
Quena is mostly used in traditional Andean music .
The quena is also relatively common in World music .
In the 1980s and 1990s some post-Nueva Canción rock groups have also incorporated the quena in some of their songs ; notably Soda Stereo in Cuando Pase el Temblor and Los Enanitos Verdes in Lamento Boliviano .
Other Andean flutes include In most of Andes ' towns `` vamos a ir a la quena '' ( we will go to the quena ) was a popular sentence to threaten little children , because the quena was made of totora , a hard material .
To produce sound , the player closes the top end of the pipe with the flesh between his chin and lower lip , and blows a stream of air downward , along the axis of the pipe , over an elliptical notch cut into the end .
The quenacho ( also `` kenacho '' in English ) is a greater , lower-toned version of the quena and made the same way .
In the 1960s and 1970s the quena was used by several Nueva Canción musicians , this use was in most cases for particular songs and not as a standard instrument but some groups such as Illapu have used it regularly .
Traditionally made of ( totora ) , it has 6 finger holes and one thumb hole , and is open on both ends or the bottom is half-closed ( choked ) .
It is in the key of D , with D4 being the lowest note , a perfect fourth lower than the quena .
It is normally in the key of G , with G4 being the lowest note ( all holes covered ) .
It remained almost unchanged until 1993 , when the District of Suhl was dissolved and most of its municipalities joined the District of Hildburghausen .
One of them was Hildburghausen , with boundaries very similar to those of the former duchy .
In 1868 , four districts were established in the Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen .
But the last Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen , Frederick , became the new Duke of Saxe-Altenburg .
The band started out combining mystical lyric themes with neo-classical metal , but went in a more streamlined commercial style following Dio 's departure from the group .
Rainbow ( also known as Ritchie Blackmore 's Rainbow or Blackmore 's Rainbow ) were a British rock band controlled by guitarist Ritchie Blackmore from 1975 to 1984 and 1994 to 1997 .
Rainbow were ranked No. 90 on VH1 's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock .
Over the years Rainbow went through many line-up changes with no two studio albums featuring the same line-up .
Other lead singers Joe Lynn Turner and Doogie White would follow , and the project consisted of numerous backing musicians .
Since most massive stars have luminosities far below the Eddington luminosity , their winds are mostly driven by the less intense line absorption .
The Eddington limit is invoked to explain the observed luminosity of accreting black holes such as quasars .
The state of balance is called hydrostatic equilibrium .
When a star exceeds the Eddington luminosity , it will initiate a very intense radiation-driven stellar wind from its outer layers .
This is called the Eddington Luminosity .
The turnpike is owned and maintained by the Kansas Turnpike Authority ( KTA ) , which is headquartered in Wichita .
One of these service areas is notable for the presence of a memorial to University of Notre Dame football coach Knute Rockne , who died near the current highway 's route .
While not part of the system 's early plans , the turnpike was eventually incorporated into the Interstate system in late 1956 , and is designated today as four different Interstate Highway routes : I-35 , I-335 , I-470 , and I-70 .
The Kansas Turnpike was built from 1954 to 1956 , predating the Interstate Highway System .
Without its Oklahoma link , the Kansas Turnpike was in danger of being bypassed by the Interstate System entirely .
It passes through several major Kansas cities , including Wichita , Topeka , and Lawrence .
The Kansas Turnpike begins at the Oklahoma state line north of Braman , Oklahoma .
Because it predates the Interstate Highway System , the road is not engineered to current Interstate Highway standards , and notably lacks a regulation-width median .
Around 120,000 drivers use the turnpike daily .
Ryan is also known for starring as Bailey Pickett in Disney Channel 's The Suite Life on Deck .
Ryan was born in Huntsville , Alabama .
Ryan has showed interest in several types of music and her music genres are mainly jazz and country pop with a blend of alternative rock .
Alcester Grammar School is a selective entry state grammar school , situated in Alcester , Warwickshire , England .
In its 2006 Ofsted inspection the school was graded as `` Outstanding '' .
The serous membrane covering the heart and lining the mediastinum is referred to as the pericardium , the serous membrane lining the thoracic cavity and surrounding the lungs is referred to as the pleura , and that lining the abdominopelvic cavity and the viscera is referred to as the peritoneum .
Serosa is entirely different from the adventitia , a connective tissue layer which binds together structures rather than reducing friction between them .
Serous membranes line and enclose several body cavities , known as serous cavities , where they secrete a lubricating fluid which reduces friction from muscle movement .
In anatomy , serous membrane ( or serosa ) is a smooth membrane consisting of a thin layer of cells which secrete serous fluid , and an underlying thin epithelial layer .
The uncertainty of daily survival has been seen as creating a general mood of morbidity , influencing people to `` live for the moment , '' as illustrated by Giovanni Boccaccio in The Decameron ( 1353 ) .
Other notable 17th-century outbreaks were the Italian Plague ( 1629-31 ) ; the Great Plague of Seville ( 1647-52 ) ; the Great Plague of London ( 1665-66 ) ; and the Great Plague of Vienna ( 1679 ) .
There is some controversy over the identity of the disease , but in its virulent form , after the Great Plague of Marseille in 1720-22 , the Great Plague of 1738 ( which hit Eastern Europe ) , and the Russian plague of 1770-1772 , it seems to have gradually disappeared from Europe .
The 14th-century eruption of the Black Death had a drastic effect on Europe 's population , irrevocably changing the social structure , and resulted in widespread persecution of minorities such as Jews , foreigners , beggars , and lepers ( see Persecutions ) .
By the storm 's end , weather stations in Central Park had recorded 20 inches ( 51 cm ) of snow .
Over 20 inches ( 51 cm ) of snow was estimated in some counties such as Union County .
The December 2010 North American blizzard was a major nor'easter and historic blizzard affecting the United States from portions of northern Florida to Maine and portions of Canada on December 26-27 , 2010 .
The storm affected the northeast megalopolis , which includes major cities such as Norfolk , Philadelphia , Newark , New York City , Hartford , Providence , and Boston .
WCAU-TV in Philadelphia forecast a snowfall of between 10 and 20 inches ( 25 and 51 cm ) in Philadelphia itself ( which received 12.2 inches ( 31 cm ) ) , while nearby Trenton , New Jersey and parts of southern New Jersey were expected to receive snowfalls of 20 inches ( 51 cm ) or more .
When he arrived in Minnesota , he informed the team that he preferred to be listed as `` David Ortiz . ''
Ortiz graduated from Estudia Espallat High School in the Dominican Republic and in 1992 he was signed by the Seattle Mariners , who listed him as `` David Arias '' .
Ortiz is a nine-time All-Star , a three-time World Series champion and he holds the Red Sox single-season record for home runs with 54 , set during the 2006 season .
Ortiz made his Major League debut for the Twins on September 2 , 1997 .
He played with the Minnesota Twins from 1997-2002 .
Life cycle of a typical fern : The stereotypical image of ferns growing in moist shady woodland nooks is far from a complete picture of the habitats where ferns can be found growing .
Unlike mosses , they are vascular plants .
The poem begins : They conclude that the elephant is like a wall , snake , spear , tree , fan or rope , depending upon where they touch .
In various versions of the tale , a group of blind men ( or men in the dark ) touch an elephant to learn what it is like .
This is the maxim of the blind ( men ) and the elephant . ''
Each one feels a different part , but only one part , such as the side or the tusk .
Ramakrishna Paramahamsa used this parable to discourage dogmatism : One of the most famous versions of the 19th century was the poem `` The Blind Men and the Elephant '' by John Godfrey Saxe ( 1816-1887 ) .
The story of the blind men and an elephant originated in the Indian subcontinent from where it has widely diffused .
The letters of the Turkish alphabet are : Of these 29 letters , eight are vowels ( A , E , I , İ , O , Ö , U , Ü ) ; the 21 others are consonants .
The metric system was designed to be universal-in the words of the French philosopher Marquis de Condorcet it was to be `` for all people for all time '' .
The metric system is an internationally agreed decimal system of measurement that was originally based on the mètre des Archives and the kilogramme des Archives introduced by France in 1799 .
The second first became a de facto base unit within the metric system when , in 1832 , Carl Friedrich Gauss used it , the centimetre and the gram to express the units associated with values of absolute measurements of the Earth 's magnetic field .
The metric system has been officially sanctioned for use in the United States since 1866 , but it remains the only industrialised country that has not adopted the metric system as its official system of measurement .
From its beginning , the main features of the metric system were the standard set of inter-related base units and a standard set of prefixes in powers of ten .
Ostallgäu is a district in Bavaria , Germany .
See musica ficta .
Octavian chose the former .
In life , archosaurs have a horny sheath over this bone , which extends the length .
Before this , the popular conception of dinosaurs had been one of plodding , reptilian giants .
As in other dromaeosaurids , the tail vertebrae have a series of ossified tendons and super-elongated bone processes .
The species name antirrhopus means `` counter balance '' , which refers to Ostrom 's idea about the function of the tail .
Teeth discovered associated with Tenontosaurus specimens imply they were hunted , or at least scavenged upon , by Deinonychus .
These features seemed to make the tail into a stiff counterbalance , but a fossil of the very closely related Velociraptor mongoliensis ( IGM 100\/986 ) has an articulated tail skeleton that is curved laterally in a long S-shape .
Ostrom noted the small body , sleek , horizontal posture , ratite-like spine , and especially the enlarged raptorial claws on the feet , which suggested an active , agile predator .
In both the Cloverly and Antlers formations , Deinonychus remains have been found closely associated with those of the ornithopod Tenontosaurus .
Paleontologist John Ostrom 's study of Deinonychus in the late 1960s revolutionized the way scientists thought about dinosaurs , leading to the `` dinosaur renaissance '' and igniting the debate on whether dinosaurs were warm-blooded or cold blooded .
Ostrom 's description of Deinonychus in 1969 has been described as the most important single discovery of dinosaur paleontology in the mid-20th century .
This suggests that , in life , the tail could bend to the sides with a high degree of flexibility .
`` Terrible claw '' refers to the unusually large , sickle-shaped talon on the second toe of each hind foot .
Fossils have been recovered from the U.S. states of Montana , Wyoming , and Oklahoma , in rocks of the Cloverly Formation and Antlers Formation , though teeth that may belong to Deinonychus have been found much farther east in Maryland .
The current position of the English Channel was a large river flowing westwards and fed by tributaries that later became the Thames and Seine .
Food animal populations seem to have declined , although woodland coverage expanded .
Many more open air sites are known , such as that at Hengistbury Head .
Tool manufacture in the Final Upper Palaeolithic revolved around smaller flints , but bone and antler work became less common .
The dominant food species were equines ( Equus ferus ) and Red Deer ( Cervus elaphus ) , although other mammals ranging from hares to mammoth were also hunted , including rhino and hyena .
The environment during this ice age period would have been a largely treeless tundra , eventually replaced by a gradually warmer climate , perhaps reaching 17 degrees Celsius ( 62.6 Fahrenheit ) in summer , encouraging the expansion of birch trees as well as shrub and grasses .
The first significant written record of Britain and its inhabitants was made by the Greek navigator Pytheas , who explored the coastal region of Britain around 325 BC .
At this time , Southern and Eastern Britain were linked to continental Europe by a wide land bridge allowing humans to move freely .
Farming of crops and domestic animals was adopted in Britain around 4500 BC , at least partly because of the need for reliable food sources .
( From about 800,000 to 45,000 years ago ) There is evidence from bones and flint tools found in coastal deposits near Happisburgh in Norfolk and Pakefield in Suffolk that a species of Homo was present in what is now Britain at least 814,000 years ago .
However , the number of known sites is much larger than before and more widely spread .
This huge period saw many changes in the environment , encompassing several glacial and interglacial episodes greatly affecting human settlement in the region .
Archeological evidence demonstrates that ancient Britons were involved in extensive maritime trade and cultural links with the rest of Europe from the Neolithic onwards , especially by exporting tin that was in abundant supply .
A final ice age covered Britain between around 70,000 and 10,000 years ago , with an extreme cold snap between 22,000 and 13,000 years ago called the Dimlington stadial ( with the Last Glacial Maximum at around 20,000 years ago ) .
The most famous example from this period is the burial of the `` Red Lady of Paviland '' ( actually now known to be a man ) in modern day coastal South Wales , which in 1823 was the first human fossil ever discovered anywhere in the world , and was re-dated in 2009 to 33,000 years old .
However , there is little evidence of human occupation during the subsequent Ipswichian Stage ( Eemian Stage elsewhere ) between around 130,000 and 110,000 years ago .
However , none of the pre-Roman inhabitants of Britain had any known , surviving , written language .
The more advanced flint technology permitted more efficient hunting and therefore made Britain a more worthwhile place to remain until the following period of cooling known as the Wolstonian Stage , 352,000-130 ,000 years ago .
The extreme cold of the following Anglian Stage is likely to have driven humans out of Britain altogether and the region does not appear to have been occupied again until the ice receded during the Hoxnian Stage .
Evidence of Neanderthal occupation of Britain is limited .
From 12,700 to 11,500 years ago the climate became cooler and dryer , in what is known as the Younger Dryas period .
Bjørnstjerne Martinius Bjørnson ( 8 December 1832 - 26 April 1910 ) was a Norwegian writer who received the 1903 Nobel Prize in Literature .
The earliest of these was a one-act piece set in the 12th century , Mellem Slagene ( Between the Battles ) , written in 1855 and produced in 1857 .
South Asia or Southern Asia is the southern region of the Asian continent , which comprises the sub-Himalayan countries and , for some authorities , also includes the adjoining countries to the west and the east .
This bloc of countries include three independent countries that were not under the British rule - Nepal , Bhutan and Afghanistan .
Ambulocetus did not have external ears .
In addition , its teeth are similar to those of early cetaceans .
It has been speculated that Ambulocetids hunted like crocodiles , lurking in the shallows to snatch unsuspecting prey .
To detect prey on land , they may have lowered their heads to the ground and felt for vibrations .
Chemical analysis of its teeth shows that it could move between salt and fresh water .
Scientists consider Ambulocetus to be an early whale because it shares underwater adaptations with them : it had an adaptation in the nose that enabled it to swallow underwater , and its periotic bones had a structure like those of whales , enabling it to hear well underwater .
Ambulocetus natans lived in the Early Eocene ( 50 to 48 million years ago ) of Pakistan .
When the animal was alive , Pakistan was a coastal region of India , which was then an island continent in the Indian Ocean ( see Indian Plate ) .
Having the appearance of a 3 meter ( 10-foot ) long mammalian crocodile , it was clearly amphibious , as its back legs are better adapted for swimming than for walking on land , and it probably swam by undulating its back vertically , as otters and whales do .
Julianne Moore ( born Julie Anne Smith ; December 3 , 1960 ) is a British-American actress and children 's author .
Other notable film appearances include The Big Lebowski ( 1998 ) , Magnolia ( 1999 ) , Hannibal ( 2001 ) , and Children of Men ( 2006 ) .
Yudhoyono won the 2004 presidential election , defeating incumbent President Megawati Sukarnoputri .
Yudhoyono was inaugurated as president on 20 October 2004 .
If necessary , forecasters may make adjustments to the computer forecasts .
One of the British stalwarts , the Shipping Forecast , is produced by the Met Office and broadcast on BBC Radio 4 .
The Met Office is responsible for issuing Severe Weather Warnings for the United Kingdom through the National Severe Weather Warning Service ( NSWWS ) .
In March 2008 , the system was improved and a new stage of warning was introduced , the ` Advisory ' .
The principal weather products for UK customers are 36-hour forecasts from the operational 1.5 km resolution UKV model covering the UK and surroundings ( replacing the 4 km model ) , 48-hour forecasts from the 12 km resolution NAE model covering Europe and the North Atlantic , and 144-hour forecasts from the 25 km resolution global model ( replacing the 40 km global model ) .
The Met Office is the United Kingdom 's national weather service .
A wide range of other products for other regions of the globe are sold to customers abroad , provided for MOD operations abroad or provided free to developing countries in Africa .
Part of the Met Office headquarters at Exeter in Devon is the Met Office College , which handles the training for internal personnel and many forecasters from around the world .
The main role of the Met Office is to produce forecast models by gathering information from weather satellites in space and observations on earth , then processing it using two IBM supercomputers with a variety of models , based on a software package known as the Unified Model .
The Shipping Forecast has long been of real interest to , and vital to the safety of , mariners traversing the Sea Areas around the British Isles .
These warn of weather events that may affect transport infrastructure and endanger people 's lives .
It is based on measurement of the product of the radioactive decay of an isotope of potassium ( K ) into argon ( Ar ) .
Time since recrystallization is calculated by measuring the ratio of the amount of 40Ar accumulated to the amount of 40K remaining .
Potassium is a common element found in many materials , such as micas , clay minerals , tephra , and evaporites .
The geomagnetic polarity time scale was calibrated largely using K-Ar dating .
In these materials , the decay product 40Ar is able to escape the liquid ( molten ) rock , but starts to accumulate when the rock solidifies ( recrystallizes ) .
Potassium-argon dating , abbreviated K-Ar dating , is a radiometric dating method used in geochronology and archaeology .
The quickly cooled lavas that make nearly ideal samples for K-Ar dating also preserve a record of the direction and intensity of the local magnetic field as the sample cooled past the Curie temperature of iron .
The body fat content of a bearded seal is 30-40 % .
Just before the pups are weaned , a new mating cycle takes place .
Bearded seals give birth in the spring .
Further south , in Alaska , most pups are born in late April .
Their whiskers serve as feelers in the soft bottom sediments .
By the time they are weaned , the pups have grown to about one hundred kilograms .
Both sexes are about the same size .
They enter the water only hours after they are born , and quickly become proficient divers .
Distinguishing features of this earless seal include square fore flippers and thick bristles on its muzzle .
Pups up to one year old , however , will venture much deeper , diving as deep as 450 m ( 1,480 ft ) .
During this time , pups consume an average of eight liters of milk a day .
The bearded seal is unique in the subfamily Phocinae in having two pairs of teats , a feature it shares with monk seals .
Occasionally the face and neck are reddish-brown .
Females ovulate at the end of their lactation period , but remain close to their pups , ready to defend them if necessary .
Bearded seal pups are born with a greyish-brown natal fur with scattered patches of white on the back and head .
The bearded seal ( Erignathus barbatus ) , also called the square flipper seal , is a medium-sized pinniped that is found in and near to the Arctic Ocean .
Bearded seals are a primary food source for polar bears and a secondary source for the Inuit of the Arctic coast .
Primarily benthic , bearded seals feed on a variety of small prey found along the ocean floor , including clams , squid , and fish .
Mothers care for the pups for 18-24 days , during which time the pups grow at an average rate of 3.3 kg per day .
Fossils first described in 2002 indicated that , during the Pleistocene epoch , bearded seals ranged as far south as South Carolina .
Pups are born on small drifting ice floes in shallow waters , usually weighing around 30-40 kg .
Adults tend not to dive very deep , favoring shallow coastal areas no more than 300 m ( 980 ft ) deep .
Adults are greyish-brown in color , darker on the back ; rarely with a few faint spots on the back or dark spots on the sides .
During the mating season , male seals will `` sing , '' emitting a long-drawn-out warbling note that ends in a sort of moan or sigh .
Bearded seals reach about 2.1 m ( 6.9 ft ) to 2.7 m ( 8.9 ft ) in nose-to-tail length and from 200 kg ( 441 lb ) to 430 kg ( 948 lb ) in weight .
Males occupy the same areas from one year to the next .
In the Canadian Arctic , seal pupping occurs in May .
This sound may attract females , or may be used by the males to proclaim their territory or their readiness for breeding .
The flute is a family of musical instrument of the woodwind group .
The piccolo , plays an octave higher than the regular treble flute .
Instruments made according to an older pitch standard , used principally in wind-band music , include D ♭ piccolo , soprano flute ( the primary instrument , equivalent to today 's concert C flute ) , F alto flute , and B ♭ bass flute .
Beginner 's flutes are normally made of nickel , silver or brass that is silver plated , while professionals use solid silver , gold , and sometimes platinum instruments .
Two main varieties of Indian flutes are currently used .
Nicknames include the Granite City , the Grey City and the Silver City with the Golden Sands .
The University of Aberdeen began as King 's College , Aberdeen , which was founded in 1495 by William Elphinstone ( 1431-1514 ) , Bishop of Aberdeen and Chancellor of Scotland .
Aberdeen has won the Britain in Bloom competition a record-breaking ten times , and hosts the Aberdeen International Youth Festival , a major international event which attracts up to 1000 of the most talented young performing arts companies .
It has characteristics of both pound cake and coffee cake .
Amish friendship bread is a type of bread or cake made from a sourdough starter that is often shared in a manner similar to a chain letter .
The process of sharing the starter makes it somewhat like a chain letter .
One cup of starter makes one standard loaf of bread .
The starter is a substitute for baking yeast and can be used to make many kinds of yeast-based breads , shared with friends , or frozen for future use .
The sweet , cake-like Amish cinnamon bread is a common bread that is made from this starter ; it is a simple , stirred quickbread that includes a substantial amount of sugar and vegetable oil , with a mild cinnamon flavor .
A common recipe using this starter suggests using one cup ( 240 ml ) of it to make bread , keeping one cup to start a new cycle , and giving the remaining three cups to friends .
The flavor of the finished product can be altered by omitting cinnamon .
Starter bread is also known as mother bread .
He was then posted to the 1st Battalion , Royal Australian Regiment , based in Townsville , Queensland .
He has since seen service in East Timor , Iraq ( Operation Falconer ) and Afghanistan ( Operation Slipper ) .
Detailed to the Royal Australian Infantry Corps , he then underwent further training at Singleton , where he won prizes again for shooting and physical training , and also as most outstanding soldier in his platoon .
He trained at Army Recruit Training Centre , Kapooka , winning prizes as the best shot and best at physical training in his platoon .
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002 .
He was presented with the medal by the Governor-General of Australia , Quentin Bryce , in a ceremony in Canberra on 16 January 2009 .
He grew up in the small northern New South Wales township of Dorrigo , attending Dorrigo High School , a small state public school , until 1996 .
During his deployment to Afghanistan , he was slightly wounded on 12 August 2008 when the Bushmaster Protected Mobility Vehicle he was traveling in struck an improvised explosive device .
From February to April 2004 , Donaldson completed the SASR selection course , and was posted to 3 Squadron in May 2004 .
Donaldson was born on 2 April 1979 in Waratah , New South Wales , the younger son of Greg , a Vietnam War veteran , and Bernadette Donaldson .
Chopin 's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
Lullabies written by established classical composers are often given the form-name berceuse , which is French for lullaby , or cradle song .
A lullaby is a soothing piece of music , usually played or sung to young children before they go to sleep , with the intention of aiding that process .
The speculation that continents might have ` drifted ' was first put forward by Abraham Ortelius in 1596 .
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 1964 children 's book by British author Roald Dahl .
The story features the adventures of young Charlie Bucket inside the chocolate factory of eccentric chocolatier Willy Wonka .
Soon after , an article in the newspaper reveals that Willy Wonka has hidden a Golden Ticket in five chocolate bars being distributed to anonymous locations worldwide , and that the discovery of a Golden Ticket would grant the owner with passage into Willy Wonka 's factory and a lifetime supply of confectionery .
The most common uses are as sheathing in walls , flooring , and roof decking .
In `` Si Mogador m ' était contée '' ( `` if Mogador could talk '' ) , the old narrator , Lalla Aïcha , revives twenty stories from the ignored past of the city .
His first book , `` Une cité sous les alizés '' ( `` a city under the trade winds '' ) , is a historical study of Mogador-Essaouira from prehistory to the World War II .
`` Le Fils du Soleil '' ( `` Son of the Sun '' ) is a historical novel which tells the amazing story of Mustapha Zemmouri , better known under the name Estevanico , Moroccan from Azemmour region , slave kidnapped by a Spanish man to America and became one of the first discoverers of Arizona and New Mexico .
Then he turned to fiction , but retaining a strong historical basis .
His book `` Le Fils du Soleil '' ( `` Son of the Sun '' ) received the `` Prix du Maroc du livre '' ( `` Morocco book award '' ) in 2006 in the creative writing category .
His biography of Si Kaddour Benghabrit was selected for the `` Prix Grand Atlas '' in 2011 .
`` Le Soldat qui venait de Mogador '' ( `` The soldier who came from Mogador '' ) tells the story of the trip to Mecca of Si Taieb El Ech Chiadmi Maskali , since 1912 ; the young man spent nearly twelve years in Libya and is involved in guerrilla warfare by the Senussi against the Italian colonization .
Aerospace engineer graduate from École nationale de l'aviation civile ( the French civil aviation university ; promotion 1963 ) and economist graduate from ENSAE ParisTech ( promotion 1973 ) , Ottmani hold boarder positions in the Moroccan public administration , particularly in the Ministries of Public Works and Transport .
Ottmani 's literary work is largely focused on his hometown , Essaouira , which he often referred to by its former name Mogador .
Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani ( 10 May 1940 - 30 May 2012 ) was a Moroccan economist and writer .
Ottmani was awarded the '' Société de Géographie humaine de Paris '' ( `` humain geography society of Paris ) with the '' prix René-Caillié '' ( `` René-Caillié award '' ) in 1997 .
2012 is a 2009 American science fiction disaster film directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich .
It was produced by Emmerich 's production company , Centropolis Entertainment , and was distributed by Columbia Pictures .
The plot follows Jackson Curtis ( John Cusack ) as he attempts to bring his children , Noah ( Liam James ) and Lilly ( Morgan Lily ) , ex-wife Kate Curtis ( Amanda Peet ) , and her boyfriend , Gordon Silberman ( Thomas McCarthy ) to refuge , amidst the events of a geological and meteorological super-disaster .
Critics gave 2012 mixed reviews , praising its special effects and tone but criticizing its length ( 158 minutes ) and screenwriting .
The film received generally mixed reviews from film critics .
Despite this , the film , budgeted at $ 200 million , has a worldwide theatrical revenue that reached approximately $ 770 million .
In his youth he was influenced by the pianist Jimmy Yancey .
A 1927 rendition of `` Honky Tonk Train Blues '' on the Paramount Records label marked his recording debut .
Lewis was born Meade Anderson Lewis in Chicago , Illinois in September 1905 ( September 3 , 4 and 13 have all been cited as his date of birth in various sources ) .
Meade `` Lux '' Lewis ( September 1905 - June 7 , 1964 ) was an American pianist and composer , noted for his work in the boogie-woogie style .
Named after the French aviator Roland Garros , it is the premier clay court tennis championship event in the world and the second of four annual Grand Slam tournaments ; the other three being the Australian Open , Wimbledon and the US Open .
Clay courts slow down the ball and produce a high bounce when compared to grass courts or hard courts .
Officially named in French Les internationaux de France de Roland-Garros or Tournoi de Roland-Garros ( the `` French Internationals of Roland Garros '' or `` Roland Garros Tournament '' in English ) , the tournament is often referred to in English as the `` French Open '' and alternatively as `` Roland Garros '' , which is the designation used by the tournament itself in all languages , including English .
To this day , couscous is known as ` the North Africa national dish ' .
The moment magnitude scale ( abbreviated as MMS ; denoted as MW or M ) is used by seismologists to measure the size of earthquakes in terms of the energy released .
Herman Kahn ( February 15 , 1922 - July 7 , 1983 ) was a founder of the Hudson Institute and one of the preeminent futurists of the latter part of the twentieth century .
He became known for analyzing the likely consequences of nuclear war and recommending ways to improve survivability , making him one of three historical inspirations for the title character of Stanley Kubrick 's classic black comedy film satire Dr. Strangelove .
His theories contributed to the development of the nuclear strategy of the United States .
As the roof of the mouth was once considered the seat of the sense of taste , palate can also refer to this sense itself , as in the phrase `` a discriminating palate '' .
The palate is divided into two parts , the anterior bony hard palate , and the posterior fleshy soft palate ( or velum ) .
A similar structure is found in crocodilians , but , in most other tetrapods , the oral and nasal cavities are not truly separate .
It separates the oral cavity from the nasal cavity .
By further extension , the flavor of a food ( particularly beer or wine ) may be called its palate , as when a wine is said to have an oaky palate .
If the fusion is incomplete , it is called a cleft palate .
The palate \/ ˈpælɨt \/ is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals .
The hard palate forms before birth .
The dragon in the Qing Dynasty appeared on national flags .
Historically , the dragon was the symbol of the Emperor of China .
Pope Paul II ( Latin : Paulus II ; 23 February 1417 - 26 July 1471 ) , born Pietro Barbo , was Pope from 30 August 1464 to his death in 1471 .
Sodium telluride is the chemical compound with the formula Na2Te .
T-DMB is an ETSI standard ( TS 102 427 and TS 102 428 ) .
Digital Multimedia Broadcasting ( DMB ) is a digital radio transmission technology developed in South Korea as part of the national IT project for sending multimedia such as TV , radio and datacasting to mobile devices such as mobile phones , laptops and GPS navigation systems .
DMB has also some similarities with the main competing mobile TV standard , DVB-H .
The International Bear Brotherhood Flag was designed to represent the Bear subculture .
The colors represent the fur colors and nationalities of bears throughout the world and was designed with inclusivity in mind .
A claw is made of hard protein called keratin .
Similar appendages that are flat and do not come to a sharp point are called nails instead .
The claw grows outward from the nail matrix at the base of the unguis and the subunguis grows thicker while traveling across the nail bed .
The unguis grows outward faster than the subunguis to produce a curve and the thinner sides of the claw wear away faster than their thicker middle , producing a more or less sharp point .
This process takes several months for human thumbnails .
Every so often , the growth of claws stops and restarts , as does hair .
Cats are often seen working old unguis layers off on wood or on boards made for the purpose .
A nail that is big enough to bear weight is called a `` hoof '' .
The unguis is the harder external layer , which consists of keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an oblique angle .
Domesticated equids ( horses , donkeys and mules ) usually need regular trimming by a farrier , as a consequence of reduced activity on hard ground .
However , the word `` claw '' is also often used in reference to an invertebrate .
Tetrapods use their claws in many ways , commonly to grasp or kill prey , to dig and to climb and hang .
The subunguis is the softer , flaky underside layer whose grain is parallel to the direction of growth .
In claws , this results in an abscission layer , and the old segment breaks off .
Many predatory mammals have protractile claws that can partially hide inside the animal 's paw , especially the cat family , Felidae , almost all of which members have fully protractible claws .
Primate nails consist of the unguis alone , as the subunguis has disappeared .
Claws are used to catch and hold prey in carnivorous mammals such as cats and dogs , but may also be used for such purposes as digging , climbing trees , self-defense , and grooming , in those and other species .
In hair , this results in the hair falling out and being replaced by a new one .
In tetrapods , claws are made of keratin and consist of two layers .
A claw is a curved , pointed appendage , found at the end of a toe or finger in most amniotes ( mammals , reptiles , birds ) .
A nail is homologous to a claw but is flatter and has a curved edge instead of a point .
Most cats and dogs also have a dew claw on the inside of the front paws .
She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1751 Vine Street .
By 1915 , gangrene had set in and her entire right leg was amputated ; she was required to use a wheelchair for several months .
Bernhardt 's stage career started in 1862 while she was a student at the Comédie-Française , France 's most prestigious theater .
Bernhardt made her fame on the stages of France in the 1870s , at the beginning of the Belle Epoque period , and was soon in demand in Europe and the Americas .
She developed a reputation as a serious dramatic actress , earning the title `` The Divine Sarah '' ; arguably , she was the most famous actress of the 19th century .
Sarah Bernhardt died from uremia following kidney failure in 1923 .
She made her fame on the stages of Europe in the 1870s and was soon in demand all over Europe and in New York .
She carried out a successful tour of America in 1915 , and on returning to France she played in her own productions almost continuously until her death .
The leg never healed properly .
She coached many young women in the art of acting , including actress and courtesan Liane de Pougy .
Bernhardt was born in Paris as Rosine Bernardt , the daughter of Julie Bernardt ( 1821 , Amsterdam - 1876 , Paris ) and an unknown father .
Barium hydroxide is the chemical compound with the formula Ba ( OH ) 2 .
Barium hydroxide is used in analytical chemistry for the titration of weak acids , particularly organic acids .
Barium hydroxide is used , as well , in the decarboxylation of amino acids liberating barium carbonate in the process .
Hoffmann is a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina , the French Academy of Sciences , the Academia Europaea , the European Molecular Biology Organization ( EMBO ) , the United States National Academy of Sciences , the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Russian Academy of Sciences .
He is a research director and member of the board of administrators of the National Center of Scientific Research ( CNRS ) in Strasbourg , France .
Its mammalian homologs , the Toll-like receptors , were discovered by Beutler .
Hoffmann was a research assistant at CNRS from 1964 to 1968 , and became a research associate in 1969 .
Between 1978 and 2005 he was Director of the CNRS research unit `` Immune Response and Development in Insects '' , and from 1994 to 2005 he was director of the Institute of Molecular and Cellular Biology of CNRS in Strasbourg .
Jules A. Hoffmann ( born 2 August 1941 ) is a Luxembourg-born French biologist .
Since 1974 he has been a Research Director of CNRS .
Hoffmann and Lemaitre discovered the function of the fruit fly Toll gene in innate immunity .
His post-doctoral training was at the Institut für Physiologische Chemie at Philipps-Universität in Marburg an der Lahn , Germany , in 1973-1974 .
Toll-like receptors identify constituents of other organisms like fungi and bacteria , and trigger an immune response , explaining , for example , how septic shock can be triggered by bacterial remains .
Hoffmann and Bruce Beutler were jointly awarded a half share of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for `` their discoveries concerning the activation of innate immunity , '' although Bruno Lemaitre , a research associate in the Hoffmann laboratory at the time , claims he did all the work alone .
In 1969 , he completed his Ph.D. in biology also at the University of Strasbourg under Pierre Joly in Laboratory of General Biology at the Institute of Zoology .
He was elected to the positions of Vice-President ( 2005-2006 ) and President ( 2007-2008 ) of the French Academy of Sciences .
The Lyside Sulphur can grow from egg to adult in as little as 13 days .
Similar species in the Lyside Sulphur 's range include Queen Alexandra 's Sulphur ( Colias alexandra ) , the Cloudless Sulphur ( Phoebis sennae ) , and the Statira Sulphur ( Aphrissa statira ) .
It has 3 or more broods per year in southern Texas .
The chrysalis is a bluish-green color .
In Florida there have been scattered sightings from July to October .
This butterfly is seen almost all year in southern Texas and is seen from early July to mid November in Arizona .
The Cloudless Sulphur is larger and is much more yellow .
The underside of the wings varies from a greenish color to bright yellow to almost white .
Greener individuals have a whitish vein in the center of the hind wing and a bright yellow fore wing basal patch .
It may have markings or may be unmarked .
The Lyside Sulphur may be found in open , subtropical scrub .
Kricogonia lyside , commonly known as the Lyside Sulphur or Guayacan Sulphur , is a North and South American butterfly in the family Pieridae .
The Statira Sulphur has a more yellowish upper side and the underside of the wings is pale greenish to white with females having light pinkish markings .
Queen Alexandra 's Sulphur has more yellow on the underside of the fore wing and has a whitish spot in the center of the hind wing .
Some individuals also have black borders along the costa and apex of the fore wing .
In seasons with heavy monsoons , this butterfly is seen in massive migrations which are frequent in Texas but more rare in the southwest .
The upper side of the wings is pale yellow , usually with a black bar on the leading edge of the hind wing and a bright yellow patch near the base of the fore wing .
It is also an occasional resident in southern Florida .
The Lyside Sulphur is variable .
You may find that some or all of the information to be merged is already in the destination page .
Do not use this procedure to propose : There are several good reasons to merge pages : Merging should be avoided if : Merging-regardless of the amount of information kept-should always leave a redirect ( or , in some cases , a disambiguation page ) in place .
That is fine ; you can feel free to delete the redundant information and only add new material .
The Baltic was a forgotten theater of the Crimean War .
Roman rulers began to persecute the new sect almost immediately ( the emperor Nero accused the Christians of starting the fires that destroyed much of Rome in 64 AD ) , and would continue to do so for centuries , sometimes vigorously , and other times passively .
There followed the famous Year of Four Emperors , a brief period of civil war and instability , which was finally brought to an end by Vespasian , 9th Roman emperor , and founder of the Flavian dynasty .
Later in the century the Julio-Claudian dynasty , which had been founded by Augustus , came to an end with the death of Nero in 68 .
The capital was also moved from Chang ` an to Luoyang .
China continued to be dominated by the Han Dynasty , despite a 14-year interruption by the Xin dynasty under Wang Mang .
But `` God raised him from the dead '' three days later , see Resurrection of Jesus .
However , by the end of the 4th century , Emperor Theodosius I proclaimed Christianity as the state religion of the Roman Empire .
According to the New Testament , during the reign of Tiberius , Jesus , a Jewish religious leader from Galilee , was crucified in Jerusalem on the charge of blasphemy for claiming to be the Son of God .
Christian tradition records that all of Christ 's apostles except John the Evangelist suffered martyrdom .
Over the next few decades his followers , following the Great Commission , including the apostle Paul , carried his message throughout the Greek-speaking regions of Asia Minor , eventually introducing it to Rome itself .
Han rule was restored in 23 ; Wang Mang 's rule represents the watershed between the Western\/Former Han and the Eastern\/Later Han .
In the 4th century , Christianity was eventually taken up by the emperor Constantine , although one of his successors Julian the Apostate renounced it for paganism and again persecuted the Church .
The 1st century was the century that lasted from 1 to 100 according the Julian calendar .
During this period Europe , North Africa and the Near East fell under increasing domination by the Roman Empire , which continued expanding , most notably conquering Britain under the emperor Claudius ( 43 ) .
The reforms introduced by Augustus during his long reign stabilized the empire after the turmoil of the previous century 's civil wars .
The modern periodic law states that an element 's chemical and physical properties is a periodic function of its atomic number .
The long form of the periodic table is based on modern periodic law .
The s-block is a block in the periodic table that consists of the first two groups , namely the alkali metals and the alkaline earth metals .
The family itself is also sometimes known as the Liudolfings , after its earliest known member Liudolf and one of its primary leading-names .
After the extinction of the Ottonian dynasty with the death of Henry II in 1024 the crown passed to the Salian dynasty .
Some other famous members of the Liudolfing or Ottonian House :
His great-grandson was Conrad II .
Although never Emperor , Henry I the Fowler , Duke of Saxony , was arguably the founder of this imperial dynasty , since his election as German king in 919 made it possible for his son , Otto the Great to take on the imperium .
The Ottonian rulers are also regarded as successors of the Frankish Carolingian dynasty .
Under the reign of the Ottonian rulers , the kingdom of the Eastern Franks included of the duchies of Lorraine , Saxony , Franconia , Swabia , Thuringia , and Bavaria .
Liutgarde , a daughter of Otto I had married the Salian Duke Conrad the Red of Lorraine .
The Ottonian dynasty was a dynasty of German Kings ( 919-1024 ) , named after its first Emperor but also known as the Saxon dynasty after the family 's origin .
English was introduced to Singapore in 1819 when the British established a port and later a colony on the island .
When Singapore gained self-government in 1959 and independence in 1965 , the local government decided to keep English as the main language to maximize economic benefits .
Students in Primary and Secondary schools also learn a second language called their ` Mother Tongue ' by the Ministry of Education , where they are either taught Mandarin Chinese , Malay , or Tamil .
Furthermore , the use of English as a lingua franca served to bridge the gap between the diverse ethnic groups in Singapore .
In 2009 , there were more than 20 languages identified as being spoken in Singapore .
The Singapore Government recognizes four official languages : English , Malay , Chinese , and Tamil .
On February 24 , 2008 , Cink was the runner-up in the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship played in Marana , Arizona , falling 8 & 7 in the 36-hole final to top-ranked Tiger Woods .
In June 2008 , he reached his highest ever ranking , sixth , in the Official World Golf Rankings with his victory at the Travelers Championship in suburban Hartford .
Cink performed consistently on the Tour over the next few years , picking up another win at the 2000 MCI Classic .
Cink was born in Huntsville , Alabama , and grew up in nearby Florence , where he attended Bradshaw High School .
On July 19 , 2009 , Cink won his first major title at the 138th Open Championship at Turnberry , Scotland , defeating 59 year-old , five-time champion Tom Watson by six strokes in a four-hole playoff .
Cink had birdied the 72nd hole while Watson bogeyed , which forced the playoff .
After winning the Mexican Open and three events on the Nike Tour ( now the Web.com Tour ) in 1996 , Cink joined the PGA Tour in 1997 and won the Canon Greater Hartford Open in his rookie season .
Stewart Ernest Cink ( born May 21 , 1973 ) is an American professional golfer who won the 2009 Open Championship .
After completing high school in 1991 , he graduated from Georgia Tech in Atlanta in 1995 with a degree in Management , where he played golf for the Yellow Jackets ; he turned professional in 1995 .
Until his victory in the Open Championship in 2009 , 2004 was his most successful season , with a fifth-place finish on the money list and wins at the MCI Heritage and at the WGC-NEC Invitational , which is one of the World Golf Championships events .
He spent over 40 weeks in the top 10 of the Official World Golf Ranking from 2004 to 2009 .
Soon after Horton opened the store , he met Ron Joyce , a former Hamilton police constable .
By 1967 , after he had opened up two more stores , he and Tim Horton became full partners in the business .
The chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in Canada in 2005 .
The business was founded by Miles G. `` Tim '' Horton , who played in the National Hockey League from 1949 until his death in a car accident in 1974 .
In 1965 , Joyce took over the fledgling Tim Horton Donut Shop on Ottawa Street North in Hamilton .
TDL Group announced in March 2006 , in response to a request by Chief of the Defense Staff , General Rick Hillier , its commitment to open a franchised location at the Canadian Forces operations base in Kandahar , Afghanistan .
Tim Hortons commands 76 % of the Canadian market for baked goods ( based on the number of customers served ) and holds 62 % of the Canadian coffee market ( compared to Starbucks , in the number two position , at 7 % ) .
Joyce expanded the chain quickly and aggressively in geography and in product selection , opening the 500th store in 1991 .
Tim Hortons Inc. ( known internationally as Tim Horton 's Cafe and Bake Shop ) is a Canadian multinational fast casual restaurant known for its coffee and doughnuts .
The new Kandahar location opened on 1 July 2006 , in a 40-foot ( 12 m ) trailer on the military base .
In 1967 , Horton partnered with investor Ron Joyce , who assumed control over operations after Tim Horton died in 1974 , and expanded the chain into a multi-million dollar franchise .
Upon Horton 's death in 1974 , Joyce bought out the Horton family 's shares for $ 1 million and took over as sole owner of the existing chain of forty stores .
Ron Joyce 's aggressive expansion of the Tim Hortons business resulted major changes to Canadian coffee and doughnut restaurant market .
The chain 's first store opened in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario , under the name `` Tim Horton Donuts '' ; the name was later abbreviated to `` Tim Horton 's '' and then changed to `` Tim Hortons '' without the possessive apostrophe .
As of November 2011 , Tim Hortons has five outlets open on four U.S. military bases .
It was founded in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario , by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton and Jim Charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald 's and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald 's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
Wallace studied the distribution of flora and fauna in the Amazon Basin and the Malay Archipelago in the mid-19th century .
Wallace and Sclater saw biogeography as a source of support for the theory of evolution .
The scientific theory of biogeography grows out of the work of Alexander von Humboldt ( 1769-1859 ) , Hewett Cottrell Watson ( 1804-1881 ) , Alphonse de Candolle ( 1806-1893 ) , Alfred Russel Wallace ( 1823-1913 ) , Philip Lutley Sclater ( 1829-1913 ) and other biologists and explorers .
Otherwise , the field of biogeography would be seen as a purely descriptive one .
Key findings , such as the sharp difference in fauna either side of the Wallace Line , and the sharp difference that existed between North and South America prior to their relatively recent faunal interchange , can only be understood in this light .
This development allowed scientists to test theories about the origin and dispersal of populations , such as island endemics .
The publication of The Theory of Island Biogeography by Robert MacArthur and E.O. Wilson in 1967 showed that the species richness of an area could be predicted in terms of such factors as habitat area , immigration rate and extinction rate .
The application of island biogeography theory to habitat fragments spurred the development of the fields of conservation biology and landscape ecology .
Portland was incorporated in 1851 near the end of the Oregon Trail and is the county seat of Multnomah County .
Portland is a city located in the U.S. state of Oregon , near the confluence of the Willamette and Columbia rivers .
Portland has many options for shopping .
Portland straddles the Willamette River near its confluence with the Columbia River .
Regent Street is one of the major shopping streets in the West End of London , well known to tourists and locals alike and famous for its Christmas illuminations .
Every building in Regent Street is protected as a listed bilding with at least Grade II status , and together they form the Regent Street Conservation Area .
Completed in 1823 and consecrated in 1824 , All Souls is the only surviving building in Regent Street that was designed by John Nash .
Criticism of Buddhism , much like the criticism of religion in general , can be found from those who disagree with or question the assertions , beliefs or other factors of various schools of Buddhism .
After the 2008 unrest in the Tibetan area of the PRC , the official Chinese government stance has been that the Dalai Lama helped to orchestrate the unrest and violence .
Originally she was viewed as the protector goddess of Lower Egypt .
In Greek mythology , Bast also is known as Ailuros .
As protector , she was seen as defender of the pharaoh , and consequently of the later chief male deity , Ra , who was also a solar deity , gaining her the titles Lady of Flame and Eye of Ra .
Bast was a lioness goddess of the sun throughout most of Ancient Egyptian history , but later she was changed into the cat goddess ( Bastet ) .
He was an active member of the Slovenian Democratic Party ( known as Slovenian Social Democratic Party between 1989 and 2003 ) .
Later , he worked as a researcher at the University of Freiburg .
Janko Prunk ( pronunciation ( help · info ) ) ( born December 30 , 1942 ) is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
From 1966 to 1995 , he collaborated with the Institute for modern history in Ljubljana .
His book , A brief history of Slovenia : Historical background of the Republic of Slovenia , is one of the most comprehensive works on modern Slovenian history .
In 1984 and 1988 , Prunk was awarded scholarships by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation , which enabled him to continue his studies in Cologne and Freiburg .
After the split with the party , he became very critical of the then Prime Minister Janez Janša , whom he accused of being a `` liberal with an authoritative touch , who aspires at becoming a Slovenian Piłsudski '' .
He has also written on the history of political movements in Slovenia from the end of 19th century until World War II , especially about Slovene Christian socialism and the history of Slovenian national questions .
In 1976 , he obtained his PhD with a thesis on the relationship between the Slovenian Christian Socialist movement and the Communist Party of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People , which was still a controversial topic at that time .
Prunk was born in the small settlement of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu ( part of the municipality of Sevnica ) , in central Slovenia , which was then the German-occupied Lower Styria .
In 2005 , he was appointed by the Foreign Minister Dimitrij Rupel , as president of the Slovene-Croatian Historical Commission , formed by the Government of the two countries , to shed light on the history of the relations between them .
He is now a professor at the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana .
Between 1992 and 1993 , Prunk served as Minister for Slovenes outside Slovenia and National Minorities in Slovenia in the first coalition cabinet of Janez Drnovšek .
Janko Prunk has written over 400 specialized articles and books , since 1966 .
As an early admirer of Jože Pučnik , Prunk joined the Democratic Opposition of Slovenia after the democratization of Slovenia .
He obtained his Master 's degree from University of Ljubljana in 1972 .
Between 2004 and 2008 , he served as chairman of the Slovenian Democratic Party 's internal Committee for Education Policies .
Prunk has been actively involved in politics .
He has published articles and monographs on analytical politology , modern history , the genesis of modern political formations , and the history of social and political philosophy in Slovenia .
His father , Ernst Schliemann , was a Protestant minister .
Heinrich 's mother , Luise Therese Sophie , died in 1831 , when Heinrich was nine years old .
By the end of his life , he could converse in English , French , Dutch , Spanish , Portuguese , Swedish , Polish , Italian , Greek , Latin , Russian , Arabic , and Turkish as well as German .
Schliemann went to California in early 1851 and started a bank in Sacramento buying and reselling over a million dollars of gold dust in just six months .
Mendeleev was one of the founders , in 1869 , of the Russian Chemical Society .
While there he became a science master of the Simferopol gymnasium № 1 .
Mendeleev was born in the village of Verkhnie Aremzyani , near Tobolsk in Siberia , to Ivan Pavlovich Mendeleev and Maria Dmitrievna Mendeleeva ( née Kornilieva ) .
He returned with fully restored health to Saint Petersburg in 1857 .
He worked on the theory and practice of protectionist trade and on agriculture .
His grandfather was Pavel Maximovich Sokolov , a priest of the Russian Orthodox Church from the Tver region .
At the age of 13 , after the passing of his father and the destruction of his mother 's factory by fire , Mendeleev attended the Gymnasium in Tobolsk .
In 1863 there were 56 known elements with a new element being discovered at a rate of approximately one per year .
After graduation , he contracted tuberculosis , causing him to move to the Crimean Peninsula on the northern coast of the Black Sea in 1855 .
The now poor Mendeleev family relocated to Saint Petersburg , where he entered the Main Pedagogical Institute in 1850 .
The Russian chemist and science historian Lev Chugaev has characterized him as `` a chemist of genius , first-class physicist , a fruitful researcher in the fields of hydrodynamics , meteorology , geology , certain branches of chemical technology ( explosives , petroleum , and fuels , for example ) and other disciplines adjacent to chemistry and physics , a thorough expert of chemical industry and industry in general , and an original thinker in the field of economy . ''
Mendeleev is thought to be the youngest of either 11 , 13 , 14 or 17 siblings ; the exact number differs among sources .
Ivan , along with his brothers and sisters , obtained new family names while attending the theological seminary .
Another person to propose a periodic table was Lothar Meyer , who published a paper in 1864 describing 28 elements classified by their valence , but with no prediction of new elements .
Noting that there are striking similarities between the periodic table and the introductory Śiva Sūtras in Pāṇini 's grammar , Prof. Kiparsky says : Mendeleev made other important contributions to chemistry .
The total area is 159.88 km ² .
is a city located in Saitama Prefecture , Japan .
The lower jaw was robust , with a short beak .
Pegomastax ( `` strong jaw '' ) is a genus of heterodontosaurid dinosaur discovered in Lower Jurassic rocks in South Africa .
The type species is P. africana .
Like most other heterodontosaurids , Pegomastax had an enlarged canine-like tooth at the beginning of the lower jaw 's tooth row , which may have had a defensive function .
It was collected during a 1966-1967 expedition but not formally named and described until 2012 , when Paul Sereno , who had recognized it as unusual in the 1980s , published a description .
Pegomastax differed from other heterodontosaurids by details of the skull .
It takes its name from the City of Leicester , traditionally its administrative center , although the City of Leicester unitary authority is today administered separately from the rest of Leicestershire .
It is named after Calliope , the Greek Muse of epic poetry .
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Kalliope 's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates ( β , λ ) = ( − 23 ° , 20 ° ) with a 10 ° uncertainty , which gives Kalliope an axial tilt of 103 ° .
Kalliope also has a low radar albedo , which is inconsistent with a purely metallic surface .
Linus was discovered on August 29 , 2001 by Jean-Luc Margot and Michael E. Brown , while another team led by William Merline also independently detected the moon 3 days later .
22 Kalliope is a large M-type asteroid from the asteroid belt discovered by J. R. Hind on November 16 , 1852 .
Kalliope has one known natural satellite , Linus , or ( 22 ) Kalliope I Linus .
Spectroscopic studies have shown , however , evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .
Kalliope 's rotation is then slightly retrograde .
It is quite large , being about 28 km in diameter , and would be a sizeable asteroid by itself .
Kalliope is somewhat elongated , approximately 166 km in diameter , and slightly asymmetric , as evidenced by resolved images taken with the VLT at the European Southern Observatory .
Ancestry.com announced on July 30 , 2012 , after using a combination of old documents and yDNA analysis , that Dunham 's mother may have been descended from African John Punch , who was an indentured servant\/slave in seventeenth-century colonial Virginia .
The ad featured a photograph of Dunham holding a young Obama in her arms as Obama talks about her last days worrying about expensive medical bills .
Wild Bill Hickok is her sixth cousin , five times removed .
Obama scattered the ashes of his grandmother ( Madelyn Dunham ) in the same spot on December 23 , 2008 , weeks after his election to the presidency .
Following a memorial service at the University of Hawaii , Obama and his sister spread their mother 's ashes in the Pacific Ocean at Lanai Lookout on the south side of Oahu .
Obama talked about Dunham 's death in a 30-second campaign advertisement ( `` Mother '' ) arguing for health care reform .
She was of predominantly English ancestry , with some German , Swiss , Scottish , Irish , and Welsh ancestry .
Stanley Ann Dunham ( November 29 , 1942 - November 7 , 1995 ) , the mother of Barack Obama , the 44th President of the United States , was an American anthropologist who specialized in economic anthropology and rural development .
Dunham was born in Saint Francis Hospital in Wichita , Kansas , the only child of Madelyn Lee Payne and Stanley Armour Dunham .
Born in Wichita , Kansas , Dunham spent her childhood in California , Oklahoma , Texas and Kansas , her teenage years in Mercer Island , Washington , and most of her adult life in Hawaii and Indonesia .
Dunham was known as Stanley Dunham through high school , then as Ann Dunham , Ann Obama , Ann Soetoro , Ann Sutoro ( after her second divorce ) , and finally as Ann Dunham .
According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle , Cenwalh died in the 672 , and was succeeded by his widow , Seaxburh , who held power for about a year .
Some CR groups have looked to the individual Celtic languages for a more culturally specific name for the tradition , or for their branch of the tradition .
These celebrations often involve bonfires , dances , songs , divination and children 's games .
More formal or mystical rituals are often based on traditional techniques of interacting with the Otherworld , such as the act of making offerings of food , drink and art to the spirits of the land , ancestral spirits , and the Celtic deities .
No list can completely cover all the recommended works , but this is a small sample of sources used .
Many CRs view each act of daily life as a form of ritual , accompanying daily acts of purification and protection with traditional prayers and songs from sources such as the Scottish Gaelic Carmina Gadelica or manuscript collections of ancient Irish or Welsh poetry .
Others Celtic Reconstructionists rely on primary mythological texts , as well as surviving folklore , for the basis of their religious practices .
While Celtic Reconstructionism was the earliest term in use and still remains the most widespread , as the movement progressed other names for a Celtic Reconstructionist approach were also popularized , with varying degrees of success .
Celebratory , community rituals are usually based on community festivals as recorded in folklore collections by authors such as F. Marian McNeill , Kevin Danaher or John Gregorson Campbell .
Many Celtic Reconstructionists maintain altars and shrines to their patron spirits and deities , often choosing to place them at outdoor , natural locations such as wells , streams , and special trees .
Pàganachd \/ Págánacht Some Gaelic-oriented groups have used the Scottish Gaelic , `` Pàganachd '' ( `` Paganism , Heathenism '' ) or the Irish version , Págánacht .
Some CRs practice divination ; ogham is a favored method , as are folkloric customs such as the taking of omens from the shapes of clouds or the behavior of birds and animals .
Based on this precedent , reconstructed Gaelic ritual structures acknowledge the Land , Sea and Sky , with the fire of inspiration as a central force that unites the realms .
One Gaelic Polytheist group on the East Coast of the US has used a modification of the Gaelic term as Pàganachd Bhandia ( `` Paganism of Goddesses '' ) .
The first appearance in print of the term `` Celtic Reconstructionist '' , used to describe a specific religious movement and not just a style of Celtic Studies , was by Kym Lambert ní Dhoireann in the Spring , 1992 issue of Harvest Magazine .
Senistrognata In 2000 , IMBAS , A Celtic Reconstructionist organization based in Seattle active during the late 1990s to early 2000s , adopted the name Senistrognata , a constructed `` Old Celtic '' term intended as translating to `` ancestral customs '' .
The angle tint tool has a slightly curved tip that is commonly used in printmaking .
Each cell creates one printing dot later in the process .
Gravers come in a variety of shapes and sizes that yield different line types .
The engraving process with diamonds is state-of-the-art since the 1960s .
Engraving machines such as the K500 ( packaging ) or K6 ( publication ) by Hell Gravure Systems use a diamond stylus to cut cells .
In the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing , more than one hand engraver will work on the same plate , making it nearly impossible for one person to duplicate all the engraving on a particular banknote or document .
The result may be a decorated object in itself , as when silver , gold , steel , or glass are engraved , or may provide an intaglio printing plate , of copper or another metal , for printing images on paper as prints or illustrations ; these images are also called engravings .
Today laser engraving machines are in development but still mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .
Engravers use a hardened steel tool called a burin , or graver , to cut the design into the surface , most traditionally a copper plate .
Florentine liners are flat-bottomed tools with multiple lines incised into them , used to do fill work on larger areas or to create uniform shade lines that are fast to execute .
Because of the high level of microscopic detail that can be achieved by a master engraver , counterfeiting of engraved designs is well-nigh impossible , and modern banknotes are almost always engraved , as are plates for printing money , checks , bonds and other security-sensitive papers .
Flat gravers are used for fill work on letters , as well as `` wriggle '' cuts on most musical instrument engraving work , remove background , or create bright cuts .
Round gravers , and flat gravers with a radius , are commonly used on silver to create bright cuts ( also called bright-cut engraving ) , as well as other hard-to-cut metals such as nickel and steel .
A K6 can have up to 18 engraving heads each cutting 8.000 cells per second to an accuracy of .1 µm and below .
It has long been replaced by various photographic processes in its commercial applications and , partly because of the difficulty of learning the technique , is much less common in printmaking , where it has been largely replaced by etching and other techniques .
The engraving is so fine that a normal printer can not recreate the detail of hand engraved images , nor can it be scanned .
Engraving is the practice of incising a design onto a hard , usually flat surface , by cutting grooves into it .
They are fully computer-controlled and the whole process of cylinder-making is fully automated .
Howard Florey , Baron Florey of Adelaide OM FRS FRCP ( 24 September 1898 - 21 February 1968 ) was an Australian pharmacologist and pathologist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1945 with Sir Ernst Boris Chain and Sir Alexander Fleming for his role in the making of penicillin .
He died of a heart attack in 1968 and was honored with a memorial service at Westminster Abbey , London .
He was born in South Australia , in 1898 .
In 1962 , Florey became Provost of The Queen 's College , Oxford .
The lecture theater at the John Curtin School of Medical Research was named for him during his tenure at the ANU .
On 18 July 1944 Florey was appointed a Knight Bachelor .
The London Symphony Orchestra ( LSO ) , founded in 1904 , is the oldest of London 's symphony orchestras .
It was set up by a group of players who left Henry Wood 's Queen 's Hall Orchestra because of a new rule requiring players to give the orchestra their exclusive services .
In 2006 Daniel Harding joined Michael Tilson Thomas as principal guest , and the following year Davis retired as chief conductor and was appointed president of the orchestra , its first since the death of Bernstein in 1990 .
Albatrosses have been described as `` the most legendary of all birds '' .
Many Buller 's Albatrosses and Black-footed Albatrosses nest under trees in open forest .
Albatrosses take several years to get their full adult breeding plumage .
Albatross chicks take a long time to fledge .
The feet have no hind toe and the three anterior toes are completely webbed .
Another threat to albatrosses is introduced species , such as rats or feral cats , which directly attack the albatross or its chicks and eggs .
Most albatrosses range in the southern hemisphere from Antarctica to Australia , South Africa and South America .
Even species as small as mice can be detrimental ; on Gough Island the chicks of Tristan Albatrosses are attacked and eaten alive by introduced house mice .
The great albatrosses ( like the Wandering Albatross ) take over a year to raise a chick from laying to fledging .
One important step towards protecting albatrosses and other seabirds is the 2001 treaty the Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels , which came into force in 2004 and has been ratified by thirteen countries , Australia , Argentina , Brazil and Chile , Ecuador , New Zealand , Spain , South Africa , France , Peru , Uruguay and the United Kingdom .
They were once commonly known as Goonie birds or Gooney birds , particularly those of the North Pacific .
In all albatross species , both parents incubate the egg in stints that last between one day and three weeks .
The tubes of all albatrosses are along the sides of the bill , unlike the rest of the Procellariiformes where the tubes run along the top of the bill .
Between 15 % and 65 % of those fledged survive to breed .
During this period the parents feed the chick small meals when they relieve each other from duty .
All birds have an enlarged nasal gland at the base of the bill , above their eyes .
The Waved Albatross , on the other hand , makes no nest and will even move its egg around the pair 's territory , as much as 50 m ( 160 ft ) , sometimes causing it to lose the egg .
Of the 21 albatross species recognized by IUCN on their Red List , 19 are threatened , and the other two are `` near threatened '' .
Albatrosses lay a single subelliptical egg , white with reddish brown spots , in a breeding season ; if the egg is lost to predators or accidentally broken , then no further breeding attempts are made that year .
As Europeans began sailing the world , they too began to hunt albatross , `` fishing '' for them from boats to serve at the table or blasting them for sport .
In modern Portuguese , the word used for the bird , albatroz , is in turn derived from English albatross .
When taking off , albatrosses need to take a run up to allow enough air to move under the wing to provide lift .
This tendency to return to their point of origin to breed is so strong that a study of Laysan Albatross showed that the average distance between hatching site and the site where a bird established its own territory was 22 m ( 72 ft ) .
In the case of the great albatrosses , it can take up to 280 days ; even for the smaller albatrosses , it takes anywhere between 140 and 170 days .
Conservationists have also worked on the field of island restoration , removing introduced species that threaten native wildlife , which protects albatrosses from introduced predators .
Albatrosses are among the largest of flying birds , and the great albatrosses ( genus Diomedea ) have the largest wingspans of any extant birds , reaching up to 12 feet ( 3.7 m ) .
There is also evidence of different ranges for the two sexes of the same species ; a study of Tristan Albatrosses breeding on Gough Island showed that males foraged to the west of Gough and females to the east .
The exceptions to this are the four North Pacific albatrosses , of which three occur exclusively in the North Pacific , from Hawaii to Japan , California and Alaska ; and one , the Waved Albatross , breeds in the Galapagos Islands and feeds off the coast of South America .
The parents adopt alternative patterns of short and long foraging trips , providing meals that weigh around 12 % of their body weight ( around 600 g ( 21 oz ) ) .
It can be an energetically demanding process , with the adult losing as much as 83 g ( 2.9 oz ) of body weight a day .
The larger eggs weigh from 200-510 g ( 7.1-18 .0 oz ) .
Of the 21 species of albatrosses recognized by the IUCN , 19 have been threatened with extinction .
Albatrosses are very long lived ; most species survive upwards of 50 years , the oldest recorded being a Northern Royal Albatross that was ringed as an adult and survived for another 51 years , giving it an estimated age of 61 .
Albatrosses in calm seas are forced to rest on the ocean 's surface until the wind picks up again .
Of the two albatross species found in Hawaii , one , the Black-footed Albatross , takes mostly fish while the Laysan feeds on squid .
It is not known for certain why the albatrosses became extinct in the North Atlantic , although rising sea levels due to an interglacial warming period are thought to have submerged the site of a Short-tailed Albatross colony that has been excavated in Bermuda .
Tall structures such as traffic control and radio towers killed 3000 birds in flight collisions during 1964-1965 before the towers were taken down .
Incubation lasts around 70 to 80 days ( longer for the larger albatrosses ) , the longest incubation period of any bird .
The bill is large , strong and sharp-edged , the upper mandible terminating in a large hook .
The wingspans of the largest great albatrosses ( genus Diomedea ) are the largest of any bird , exceeding 340 cm ( 11.2 ft ) , although the other species ' wingspans are considerably smaller ( 1.75 m ( 5.7 ft ) ) .
Albatrosses live much longer than other birds ; they delay breeding for longer and invest more effort into fewer young .
They range widely in the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific .
The diet of other species , like the Black-browed Albatross or the Grey-headed Albatross , is rich with smaller species of squid that tend to sink after death , and scavenging is not assumed to play a large role in their diet .
The deployment of capillary depth recorders , which record the maximum dive depth undertaken by a bird ( between attaching it to a bird and recovering it when it returns to land ) , has shown that while some species , like the Wandering Albatross , do not dive deeper than a metre , some species , like the Light-mantled Albatross , have a mean diving depth of almost 5 m and can dive as deep as 12.5 m. In addition to surface feeding and diving , they have now also been observed plunge diving from the air to snatch prey .
The North Pacific albatrosses are considered to be a sister taxon to the great albatrosses , while the sooty albatrosses are considered closer to the mollymawks .
For example , a collaborative study between scientists and fishermen in New Zealand successfully tested an underwater setting device for long-liners which set the lines below the reach of vulnerable albatross species .
Albatrosses combine these soaring techniques with the use of predictable weather systems ; albatrosses in the southern hemisphere flying north from their colonies will take a clockwise route , and those flying south will fly counterclockwise .
This bill is composed of several horny plates , and along the sides are the two `` tubes '' , long nostrils that give the order its former name .
The fossil record of the albatrosses in the northern hemisphere is more complete than that of the southern , and many fossil forms of albatross have been found in the North Atlantic , which today has no albatrosses .
All the southern albatrosses create large nests for their egg , utilizing grass , shrubs , soil , peat , and even penguin feathers , whereas the three species in the north Pacific make more rudimentary nests .
The adult plumage of most of the albatrosses is usually some variation of dark upper-wing and back , white undersides , often compared to that of a gull .
The name Diomedea , assigned to the albatrosses by Linnaeus , references the mythical metamorphosis of the companions of the Greek warrior Diomedes into birds .
The meals are composed of both fresh squid , fish and krill , as well as stomach oil , an energy-rich food that is lighter to carry than undigested prey items .
On Midway Atoll , collisions between Laysan Albatross and aircraft have resulted in human and bird deaths as well as severe disruptions in military flight operations .
The albatross diet is predominantly cephalopods , fish , crustaceans , and offal , although they will also scavenge carrion and feed on other zooplankton .
The Maori used the wing bones of the albatross to carve flutes .
In part due to the poem , there is a widespread myth that ( all ) sailors believe it disastrous to shoot or harm an albatross ; in truth , sailors regularly killed and ate them , e.g. , as reported by James Cook in 1772 .
Albatross chicks fledge on their own and receive no further help from their parents , who return to the nest after fledging , unaware their chick has left .
The use of satellite tracking is teaching scientists a great deal about the way albatrosses forage across the ocean to find food .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 863.66 square miles ( 2,236.9 km2 ) , of which 704.01 square miles ( 1,823.4 km2 ) ( or 81.51 % ) is land and 159.65 square miles ( 413.5 km2 ) ( or 18.49 % ) is water .
Dixie County was created in 1921 from the southern portion of Lafayette County .
`` Dixie '' is a common nickname for the southern United States .
Dixie County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Its county seat is Cross City .
Klaus is the middle child of the Baudelaire orphans ; he has an older sister named Violet and a younger sister named Sunny .
He is twelve years old at the beginning of the series , and turns thirteen in The Vile Village .
Klaus Baudelaire \/ ˈklaʊs ˌboʊdəˈlɛər \/ is a fictional character and one of the three protagonists of Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events series who appears in all thirteen novels .
The development of a sufficiently powerful microscope by Anton van Leeuwenhoek in 1675 provided visual evidence of living particles consistent with a germ theory of disease .
The study subjects should be at risk of the outcome under investigation at the beginning of the cohort study ; this usually means that they should be disease free when the cohort study starts .
They were considered to be able to spread by air , multiply by themselves and to be destroyable by fire .
Disinfection did not become widely practiced until British surgeon Joseph Lister ` discovered ' antiseptics in 1865 in light of the work of Louis Pasteur .
The cohort is followed through time to assess their later outcome status .
In the middle of the 16th century , a doctor from Verona named Girolamo Fracastoro was the first to propose a theory that these very small , unseeable , particles that cause disease were alive .
In this way he refuted Galen 's miasma theory ( poison gas in sick people ) .
He began with noticing the significantly higher death rates in two areas supplied by Southwark Company .
Case-series may refer to the qualitative study of the experience of a single patient , or small group of patients with a similar diagnosis , or to a statistical technique comparing periods during which patients are exposed to some factor with the potential to produce illness with periods when they are unexposed .
His identification of the Broad Street pump as the cause of the Soho epidemic is considered the classic example of epidemiology .
Another breakthrough was the 1954 publication of the results of a British Doctors Study , led by Richard Doll and Austin Bradford Hill , which lent very strong statistical support to the suspicion that tobacco smoking was linked to lung cancer .
In 1543 he wrote a book De contagione et contagiosis morbis , in which he was the first to promote personal and environmental hygiene to prevent disease .
This has been perceived as a major event in the history of public health and regarded as the founding event of the science of epidemiology , having helped shape public health policies around the world .
Snow used chlorine in an attempt to clean the water and removed the handle ; this ended the outbreak .
The distinction between `` epidemic '' and `` endemic '' was first drawn by Hippocrates , to distinguish between diseases that are `` visited upon '' a population ( epidemic ) from those that `` reside within '' a population ( endemic ) .
Another important pioneer was Hungarian physician Ignaz Semmelweis , who in 1847 brought down infant mortality at a Vienna hospital by instituting a disinfection procedure .
The term epidemiology is now widely applied to cover the description and causation of not only epidemic disease , but of disease in general , and even many non-disease health-related conditions , such as high blood pressure and obesity .
Case control studies select subjects based on their disease status .
Epidemiological studies can only go to prove that an agent could have caused , but not that it did cause , an effect in any particular case : In United States law , epidemiology alone can not prove that a causal association does not exist in general .
In the early 20th century , mathematical methods were introduced into epidemiology by Ronald Ross , Janet Lane-Claypon , Anderson Gray McKendrick and others .
The Greek physician Hippocrates , known as the father of medicine , sought a logic to sickness ; he is the first person known to have examined the relationships between the occurrence of disease and environmental influences .
Epidemiologists also study the interaction of diseases in a population , a condition known as a syndemic .
Dr. John Snow is famous for his investigations into the causes of the 19th century cholera epidemics , and is also known as the father of ( modern ) epidemiology .
The term `` epidemiology '' appears to have first been used to describe the study of epidemics in 1802 by the Spanish physician Villalba in Epidemiología Española .
However , the term is widely used in studies of zoological populations ( veterinary epidemiology ) , although the term `` epizoology '' is available , and it has also been applied to studies of plant populations ( botanical or plant disease epidemiology ) .
Epidemiologists rely on other scientific disciplines like biology to better understand disease processes , statistics to make efficient use of the data and draw appropriate conclusions , social sciences to better understand proximate and distal causes , and engineering for exposure assessment .
Epidemiology , literally meaning `` the study of what is upon the people '' , is derived from Greek epi , meaning `` upon , among '' , demos , meaning `` people , district '' , and logos , meaning `` study , word , discourse '' , suggesting that it applies only to human populations .
He provided statistical evidence for many theories on disease , and also refuted some widespread ideas on them .
In 1965 Austin Bradford Hill proposed a series of considerations to help assess evidence of causation , which have come to be commonly known as the `` Bradford Hill criteria '' .
Cossacks ( Ukrainian : козаки́ , koza ` ky ; Russian : каза́ки , ka ` zaki ) , are a group of predominantly East Slavic people who became known as members of democratic , semi-military communities , predominantly located in Ukraine and in Southern Russia .
Because of their military tradition , Cossack forces played an important role in Russia 's wars of the 18th-20th centuries such as the Great Northern War , the Seven Years ' War , the Crimean War , Napoleonic Wars , Caucasus War , numerous Russo-Turkish Wars , and the First World War .
It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the north , the Red Sea to the west , the Gulf of Aden and Arabian Sea to the south , and Oman to the east .
Yemen is a developing country .
The Romans called it Arabia Felix ( Happy Arabia ) as opposed to Arabia Deserta ( Deserted Arabia ) .
In 1974 , the district and the district-free city Saarbrücken were merged , and the new administrative body was named Stadtverband Saarbrücken .
The district Saarbrücken was originally created in 1816 .
Although it 's not a district like others , most of its administrative tasks are the same as those of a district .
The Saar River flows through the district , through the city Saarbrücken in the center of the district .
It is located in the south of the Saarland , Germany .
The Regionalverband Saarbrücken is a Kommunalverband besonderer Art , an integration of a district ( Kreis ) and a district-free town .
He really helped us focus and get started . ''
He later had to leave the show prior to its debut for health reasons , but executive producer Joel Silver stated that his imprint would remain : `` He worked really hard on the arc of the series .
David Greenwalt ( born October 16 , 1949 ) is an American screenwriter , director and producer .
He is also co-creator of the short-lived cult television show Profit .
He was the co-executive producer of Buffy the Vampire Slayer and co-creator of its spinoff , Angel .
On June 1 , 2007 , The Hollywood Reporter announced that he would serve as executive producer and showrunner on Moonlight , a similarly themed vampire detective show .
Dewey was born in Burlington , Vermont , to a family of modest means .
Carlisle is a town northwest of Boston located in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States .
Carlisle is located about 8 miles ( 13 km ) south-southwest of Lowell and 19 miles ( 31 km ) northwest of Boston .
Carlisle became a district of Concord in 1780 and was officially incorporated as a town in 1805 .
Pérez drove for the Campos Grand Prix team in the 2008-09 GP2 Asia Series season , partnering Russian driver Vitaly Petrov .
He is the first Mexican driver to compete at this level of motorsport since Giovanni Aloi took part in International Formula 3000 in 1990 .
Pérez moved to Europe for 2005 to compete in the German Formula BMW ADAC series .
He added a second win at Losail , during the sprint race of the night meeting in Qatar .
Pérez competed in the United States-based Skip Barber National Championship in 2004 .
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate fastest lap )
He won his first GP2 Asia Series race at Sakhir , winning from lights-to-flag in the sprint race having started from pole position .
On 28 September 2012 , Lewis Hamilton 's decision to leave McLaren for Mercedes in 2013 was announced , and Pérez was subsequently confirmed as Hamilton 's replacement .
In the off-season , he contested two rounds of the 2009-10 GP2 Asia Series for Barwa Addax , ahead of a 2010 main series campaign with the team .
He moved to Arden International for the main 2009 GP2 Series season , driving alongside fellow Formula Three graduate Edoardo Mortara .
In the 2006-07 A1 Grand Prix season , Pérez took part in a single round of the championship for A1 Team Mexico .
Pérez finished twelfth in the standings , with a best result of second coming at Valencia .
Sauber subsequently announced a partnership with Pérez 's sponsor Telmex .
Pérez switched to the British Formula Three Championship for 2007 .
Sergio Pérez Mendoza ( born 26 January 1990 , also known as `` Checo '' Pérez , is a Mexican racing driver , currently driving for Force India .
He competed in the National Class - for older chassis - with the T-Sport team , winning the championship by a comfortable margin .
The province is located on the coast of the Andaman Sea , and contains 46 islands together with the mainland area .
Phraya Ratsadanupradit Mahison Phakdi brought rubber saplings from Malaysia and planted them here in 1899 , and rubber is now an important export of the country .
The Trang River flows through the province from its origin in the Khao Luang mountain range , and the Palian River flows from the Banthat mountains .
Trang was formerly a port involved in foreign trade .
Trang is subdivided into 10 districts ( amphoe ) .
The stipulation of the match was that André the Giant had to body slam Studd to win $ 15,000 , and if he failed , he would be forced to retire .
First , Piper , Orndorff , and Orton made their way to the ring as drums and bagpipes played , causing the crowd to boo .
After the match ended , David Sammartino , accompanied by his father Bruno Sammartino , and Brutus Beefcake , accompanied by Johnny Valiant , made their way to the ring .
After the match 's order was restored , Orndorff and Piper had the offensive advantage .
Crowd favorites Hogan , Mr. T , and Snuka made their way to the ring next .
After all the men had left ringside , it was time for the WWF Women 's Championship match between Wendi Richter , managed by singer Cyndi Lauper , and Leilani Kai , managed by former champion The Fabulous Moolah .
Nikolai Volkoff and Iron Sheik , accompanied to the ring by Freddie Blassie , challenged the reigning champions , The U.S. Express ( Mike Rotundo and Barry Windham ) , who were accompanied by Lou Albano .
The first match was between Tito Santana and The Executioner .
The next match was between Ricky Steamboat and Matt Borne .
Mid-way through the match , all four men began brawling in the ring , and Muhammad Ali punched Piper in an attempt to restore order .
At The War to Settle the Score , which aired on February 18 , 1985 , Leilani Kai , accompanied by Moolah , defeated Richter , again accompanied by Lauper , to win the Women 's Championship .
Kai then performed a flying crossbody from the top rope , but Richter used Kai 's momentum to roll-up Kai in a pinning position .
The next match on the card was a $ 15,000 Body Slam Challenge between André the Giant and Big John Studd , who was accompanied by Bobby Heenan .
The match began with Mr. T and Piper in the ring and the two traded blows .
A short while later , all four men began fighting in the ring , and the match ended in a no-contest .
The main event and last match of the night pitted Hulk Hogan , the reigning WWF Champion , and Mr. T , accompanied by Jimmy Snuka , against Roddy Piper and Paul Orndorff , accompanied by Cowboy Bob Orton .
Wendi Richter defeated The Fabulous Moolah to win the WWF Women 's Championship on the card , with Lauper on her side .
Instead , Orton mistakenly hit Orndorff , and Hogan pinned him to win the match .
After weakening his knees with multiple kicks , André was able to lift Studd over his shoulders and execute a body slam to win the match .
As a result , Tito Santana ran down to the ring and explained what had happened to the match 's official .
After nearly being pinned , The Sheik hit Windham in the head with Blassie 's cane as the referee had his back turned .
As Orndorff locked Hogan into a full nelson , Orton climbed the top rope to attempt to knock out Hogan .
As the action went back and forth , Hart climbed on the ring apron , where Valentine accidentally hit him .
The U.S. Express dominated the early part of the match until Volkoff and The Sheik began to gain the offensive advantage over Rotundo .
On another episode of Piper 's Pit , Piper spoke out against the burgeoning Rock 'n' Wrestling connection , which led to a confrontation with Hulk Hogan .
In frustration , Piper knocked out the other official , Pat Patterson , and went backstage .
Shortly after the match began , Moolah grabbed Richter as she was outside on the floor , but Lauper saved her from an attack .
After beginning the match in the defensive position , André countered with chops and a headbutt .
On one episode of the show , he hit Jimmy Snuka over the head with a coconut , leading to a feud between the two men .
Heenan , however , grabbed the bag holding the remainder of the winnings and ran from ringside .
The following match was for the WWF Tag Team Championship .
Valentine , however , kept his title as titles do not change hands through count-out .
The first championship defense of WrestleMania was between The Junkyard Dog and the reigning WWF Intercontinental Champion Greg Valentine , who was accompanied to the ring by his manager Jimmy Hart .
The attendance for the event was 19,121 fans .
Professional boxer Muhammad Ali was the special guest referee .
After André collected his prize money , he threw some of it into the audience .
After performing a flying crossbody Steamboat pinned Borne for the win .
With this pin , Richter became the new Women 's Champion .
The action favored both contestants , as each wrestler alternated having the advantage .
As a result of the match , André was able to continue his WWF undefeated streak unscathed .
It took place on March 31 , 1985 , at Madison Square Garden in New York City .
In the months leading up to the first WrestleMania , Roddy Piper began a talk-show segment on WWF television entitled `` Piper 's Pit '' .
The WWF aired two wrestling specials on MTV .
The event was viewed by over one million fans through closed-circuit television , making it the largest showing of an event on closed-circuit television in the United States at the time .
WrestleMania ( chronologically known as WrestleMania I ) was the first annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event ( only in selected areas ) , produced by the World Wrestling Federation .
The event was the start of the Rock 'n' Wrestling gimmick , which brought together professional wrestling and the music industry , and matches aired on MTV during the build up to the event .
After Volkoff got the pin , Volkoff and The Sheik were crowned as the new tag champions .
The first one was The Brawl to End It All , aired on July 23 , 1984 , in which a match from a live Madison Square Garden broadcast was shown on MTV .
As part of the storyline , Piper recruited `` Cowboy '' Bob Orton to be his bodyguard .
Following the match , King Kong Bundy , accompanied by Jimmy Hart and Special Delivery Jones ( Conrad Efraim ) , made their way to the ring .
He then pushed Sammartino back into the ring before being attacked by Bruno .
The WWF 's official time for the match is nine seconds , although it actually lasted closer to 24 seconds .
Rotundo then tagged in Windham , who performed a bulldog on The Sheik .
After Beefcake threw David Sammartino out of the ring , Valiant lifted him up and slammed him to the cement floor .
Later , Valentine pinned Junkyard Dog with his feet on the ropes for leverage , which is an illegal maneuver .
In addition , several celebrities like Muhammad Ali , Liberace and Cyndi Lauper also appeared during the build up to and at the event .
In February 1985 , the two men faced each other at The War to Settle the Score , where Hogan won by disqualification after interference by Paul Orndorff and Mr. T. Their on-going feud led to their match at WrestleMania .
Steamboat took the early advantage in the match-up , until Borne flipped him over and slammed him to the mat using a belly-to-belly suplex .
After crushing his opponent against the turnbuckle and landing on him stomach-first , Bundy defeated Jones in record making time .
The match was restarted , and Junkyard Dog eventually won the match by count-out .
Montreal 's Dave Ritchie scored the first goal in NHL history and Harry Hyland had four goals in the Wanderers 10-9 victory , which would be their only one in the NHL .
This was the first implemented and amended rule change in the National Hockey League .
Both players received match penalties , $ 15 fines and were arrested by the Toronto Police for disorderly conduct , for which they received suspended sentences .
On January 9 , 1918 , the league decided to allow goaltenders to drop to the ice surface in order to make saves .
The Montreal Wanderers withdrew early in January 1918 after their rink , the Westmount Arena , burned down .
The first game of the season featured Toronto versus the Wanderers .
Two Wanderers games count as wins for Canadiens and Toronto .
Wanderers defaulted scheduled games against the Canadiens ( Jan. 2 , 1918 ) and Toronto ( Jan. 5 , 1918 ) , when their arena burned down .
The 1917-18 NHL season was the first season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) professional ice hockey league .
George Kennedy , owner of the Canadiens , would later say : The team played without a nickname for the season .
The Canadiens won the first half , and Toronto the second half .
On November 26 , 1917 , representatives of the Ottawa , Quebec and Montreal NHA clubs met at the Windsor Hotel in Montreal .
The two teams then played a two game total goals series for the NHL championship .
Livingstone would sue for the team 's revenues in 1918 .
On January 28 , when Canadiens visited Toronto , players Alf Skinner and Joe Hall got into a stick-swinging duel .
Toronto won the series and advanced to the Stanley Cup final .
The franchise uses the players of the Blueshirts , including those who had been transferred to other NHA teams for the second half of the 1916-17 NHA season .
Second half GP = Games Played , G = Goals , A = Assists , Pts = Points , PIM = Penalties In Minutes Source : NHL Source : NHL GP = Games Played , G = Goals , A = Assists , Pts = Points
Play was held in two halves , December 19 to February 4 , and February 6 to March 6 .
It was done in response to Ottawa 's Clint Benedict constantly falling to make saves .
Vancouver Millionaires vs. Toronto Toronto wins best-of-five series 3 games to 2 for the Stanley Cup First half † Montreal Arena burned down and Wanderers withdraw .
The opening game was played in front of only 700 fans .
The NHA had a pending lawsuit against the 228th Battalion , and could or would not fold until after that was heard .
Toronto vs. Montreal Canadiens Toronto wins total goals series 10-7 .
Toronto won the NHL playoff and then won the Stanley Cup by defeating the PCHA 's Vancouver Millionaires three games to two in a best-of-five series In November 1917 , the owners of the NHA , apparently unwilling to continue the league with Toronto NHA owner Eddie Livingstone , decided to suspend the NHA and form a new league , the NHL , without Livingstone .
These appear as losses in the standings , but the games were not played .
While Livingstone agreed to a lease of the team , the NHL owners do not intend to share any revenues from the players .
Anthony Lewis Amonte ( born August 2 , 1970 ) is a retired American professional ice hockey player .
Drafted 68th overall in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Rangers , Amonte is best known for his time as a scoring star with the Chicago Blackhawks and for representing the United States in international play .
Large numbers of quasars , galaxies , extrasolar planets and Solar System bodies will be measured at the same time .
Successor to the Hipparcos mission , it is part of ESA 's Horizon 2000 Plus long-term scientific program .
Gaia will monitor each of its target stars about 70 times over a period of five years .
The spacecraft will be operated in a Lissajous orbit around the Sun-Earth L2 Lagrangian point .
Gaia will create a precise three-dimensional map of stars throughout the Milky Way and map their motions , which encode the origin and subsequent evolution of the Milky Way .
This massive stellar census will provide the basic observational data to tackle a wide range of important questions related to the origin , structure and evolutionary history of our galaxy .
The mission aims to compile a 3D space catalogue of approximately 1 billion astronomical objects ( approximately 1 % of the Milky Way population ) brighter than 20 G magnitudes , where G is the Gaia magnitude passband between about 400 and 1000 nanometres light wavelengths .
Gaia is an unmanned space observatory of the European Space Agency ( ESA ) designed for astrometry .
Kazarsky was the captain of brig Mercury and became famous after the victory in the battle against two Turkish ships of the line .
Aleksander Ivanovich Kazarsky ( Belarusian : Алякса́ндр Іва́навіч Каза́рскі , Russian : Алекса́ндр Ива́нович Каза́рский ) , ( June 16 , 1797 - June 16 , 1833 ) was a Russian Navy officer , the hero of the Russo-Turkish War ( 1828-1829 ) .
A brig , a torpedo boat and a street in Sevastopol were named after Alexander Kazarsky .
In 1851 , the Philadelphia & Reading Railroad bought the bridge from the state .
It was built by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for the Philadelphia & Columbia Railroad , which connected Philadelphia and Columbia in Lancaster County .
Columbia Railroad Bridge , also known as `` Columbia Bridge '' , is a 1920 concrete arch bridge in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , that carries CSX Trenton Subdivision rail lines over the Schuylkill River .
It was a two-track , wrought-iron Pratt truss bridge that served until 1920 .
On land , large archosaurian reptiles remained dominant .
In The Pathless Path to Immortality , Shri Gurudev Mahendranath writes : Indeed , the Dattatreya Upanisad , which opens proclaiming Dattatreya 's identity with Vishnu , ends with the mantra Om Namah Shivaya , identifying Datta with Shiva .
In the last portion of the third chapter , Mahesvara ( Shiva ) alone is said to pervade reality and shine in every heart of man .
Dattatreya left home at an early age to wander naked in search of the Absolute .
Finally , Mahesvara is identified with Dattatreya , depicting the latter as an Avatar of Shiva .
He alone is in front , behind , to the left , to the right , below , above , everywhere the center .
The original footprints of Datta are believed to be located on the lonely peak at Girnar .
He seems to have spent most of his life wandering in the area between and including North Karnataka , through Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh , and into Gujarat as far as the Narmada River .
In the Nath tradition , Dattatreya is recognized as an Avatar or incarnation of Shiva and as the Adi-Guru ( First Teacher ) of the Adinath Sampradaya of the Nathas .
Although Dattatreya was at first a `` Lord of Yoga '' exhibiting distinctly Tantric traits , he was adapted and assimilated into the more devotional ( Sanskrit : bhakti ) Vaishnavite cults ; while still worshiped by millions of Hindus , he is approached more as a benevolent god than as a teacher of the highest essence of Indian thought .
The Tripura-rahasya refers to the disciple Parasurama finding Dattatreya meditating on Gandhamadana mountain .
Theism , in the broadest sense , is the belief that at least one deity exists .
Monotheism ( from Greek μόνος ) is the belief in theology that only one deity exists .
With the concurrence of her father , George had Sophia Dorothea imprisoned in Ahlden House in her native Celle , where she stayed until she died more than thirty years later .
George was born on 28 May 1660 in Hanover in the Holy Roman Empire .
George 's marriage to Sophia Dorothea was dissolved , not on the grounds that either of them had committed adultery , but on the grounds that Sophia Dorothea had abandoned her husband .
The Chinese abacus , known as the suànpán ( 算盤 , lit .
In the left part there were four beads , which in the first row have unitary values ( 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 ) , and in the right side there are three beads with values of 5 , 10 , and 15 respectively .
Though they emphasized a standard Classical and Romantic repertory , they also performed works by such 20th-century composers as Béla Bartók and Benjamin Britten who wrote his third quartet expressly for them .
Finally Schidlof and Nissel were released , and the three of them were able to study with violin teacher Max Rostal , who taught them free of charge .
Noted for its smooth , sophisticated style , its seamless ensemble playing , and its sensitive interpretation , the quartet made some 200 recordings , among them the complete quartets of Ludwig van Beethoven , Johannes Brahms , and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
The Amadeus Quartet was a world famous string quartet founded in 1947 and disbanded in 1987 , remarkable for having retained its founding members throughout its long history .
Because of their Jewish origin , the violinists Norbert Brainin ( 12 March 1923 - 10 April 2005 ) , Siegmund Nissel ( 3 January 1922 - 21 May 2008 ) and the viola player Peter Schidlof ( 9 July 1922 - 16 August 1987 ) ( later violist ) were driven out of Vienna after Hitler 's Anschluss of 1938 .
It was through Rostal that they met cellist Martin Lovett , and in 1947 they formed the Brainin Quartet , which was renamed the Amadeus Quartet in 1948 .
The Amadeus was one of the most celebrated quartets of the 20th century , and its members were awarded numerous honors , including : The quartet disbanded in 1987 upon the death of the violist Peter Schidlof , who was regarded as irreplaceable by the surviving members .
It is part of the Dothan , Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The city is the county seat of Henry County .
Abbeville is located at 31 ° 33 ′ 59 ″ N 85 ° 15 ′ 5 ″ W \/ 31.56639 ° N 85.25139 ° W \/ 31.56639 ; -85.25139 Coordinates : 31 ° 33 ′ 59 ″ N 85 ° 15 ′ 5 ″ W \/ 31.56639 ° N 85.25139 ° W \/ 31.56639 ; -85.25139 ( 31.566367 , -85.251300 ) .
Abbeville is a city in Henry County , Alabama , United States .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 15.6 square miles ( 40 km2 ) , of which , 15.6 square miles ( 40 km2 ) of it is land and 0.1 square miles ( 0.26 km2 ) of it ( 0.32 % ) is water .
There are six games in total - three where the player has to follow the command , one memory game that uses a combination of colors and numbers , a code buster game and a game called Pass Attack where players have to make up their own pattern .
The spherical unit has six colored knobs - purple , red , green , white , orange and yellow - with numbers on them , and a blue base .
The voice calls out a color , a number , or both , depending on the game selected , and the player flips the unit so that the correct knob is facing upwards .
A second version was released in 2002 with a translucent black base .
After every four points , the game becomes faster .
The game was the most popular in Duracell 's Kids ' Choice National Toy Survey in 1996 .
If the player responds incorrectly , the round is ended and the unit will make a raspberry sound .
Players follow the spoken instructions of the game unit by choosing the correct number or color .
Its catch phrase which the voice says before a game begins is : `` If you do n't keep up with me , you 're finished ! ''
Brain Warp is an electronic audio game made by Tiger Electronics and released on June 16 , 1996 .
In South Africa , Southern Ndebele is known simply as Ndebele , as most speakers of Northern Ndebele live in Zimbabwe .
Tsonga is a Tswa-Ronga language .
Most South Africans can speak more than one language .
The 1993 version of the Constitution referred to Northern Sotho as Sesotho sa Leboa , but the 1996 version referred to the language as Sepedi .
South Africa has eleven official languages : Afrikaans , English , Ndebele , Northern Sotho , Sotho , Swazi , Tswana , Tsonga , Venda , Xhosa and Zulu .
The majority of South Africans speak a language from one of the two principal branches of the Bantu languages represented in South Africa : the Sotho-Tswana branch ( Sotho , Northern Sotho , Tswana ) , or the Nguni branch ( Zulu , Xhosa , Swati , Ndebele ) .
In terms of linguistic classification , the official languages include two West Germanic languages ( English and Afrikaans ) and nine Bantu languages .
Different government departments and official bodies use different terms to denote Northern Sotho .
Four of these are Nguni languages ( Zulu , Xhosa , Swati and Ndebele ) and three are Sotho-Tswana languages ( Northern Sotho , Southern Sotho and Tswana ) .
The main language of government is English even if South Africans often take pride in using indigenous languages for any purpose .
She is also known as Vishahara ( the destroyer of poison ) , Jagadgaurī , Nityā ( eternal ) and Padmavati .
Once he came across a group of men hanging from a tree upside down .
These men were his ancestors , who were doomed to misery as their children had not performed their last rites .
In some scriptures , sage Kashyapa is considered to be her father , rather than Shiva .
Later , she was included in a higher caste Hindu pantheon , where she is now regarded as a Hindu goddess rather than a tribal one .
Sage Jagatkāru practiced severe austerities and had decided to abstain from marriage .
Vasuki offered his sister Manasa 's hand to Jagatkāru .
Her myths emphasize her bad temper and unhappiness , due to rejection by her father Shiva and her husband , and the hatred of her stepmother , Chandi ( Shiva 's wife , identified with Parvati in this context ) .
Manasa ( Bengali : মনসা , Manasha ) also Mansa Devi is a Hindu folk goddess of snakes , worshipped mainly in Bengal and other parts of North and northeastern India , chiefly for the prevention and cure of snakebite and also for fertility and prosperity .
Originally an Adivasi ( tribal ) goddess , Manasa was accepted in the pantheon worshipped by Hindu lower caste groups .
She is often called `` the one-eyed goddess '' , as one of her eyes was burnt by her stepmother Chandi .
So they advised Jagatkāru to marry and have a son who could free them of those miseries by performing the ceremonies .
In a scientific context , the zenith is the direction of reference for measuring the zenith angle , the angle between a direction of interest ( e.g. , a star ) and the local zenith .
This was not technically correct as the Space Shuttle was the combination of the orbiter , the external tank , and the two solid rocket boosters .
The orbiter carried astronauts and payloads such as satellites or space station parts into low Earth orbit , the Earth 's upper atmosphere or thermosphere .
The Space Shuttle had a two-stage ascent .
Razor shells have a fragile shell , with open ends .
The razor shell has been known to reach 23 centimetres ( 9.1 in ) in length .
The inner surface is white with a purple tinge and the foot is creamy white with brown lines .
The razor shell lives under the sand , using its powerful foot to dig to a safe depth .
It can easily be confused with the slightly shorter 15 centimetres ( 5.9 in ) and more curved E. ensis ( in which both front and back are curved in parallel ) .
The shell is smooth on the outside and whitish in color , with vertical and horizontal reddish-brown or purplish-brown markings separated by a diagonal line .
The dorsal margin is straight while the ventral margin is curved .
Deflation of the foot then draws the shell down .
The razor shell also squirts water down into the sand , removing loose sand from its path .
The periostracum is olive-green .
A digging cycle involves integration of the muscular foot ( which takes up a large part of the body ) with the opening and closing of the valve and one end .
It prefers coarser sand than its relatives E. ensis and E. siliqua .
The foot is thought to exert a pressure of 2 kg\/cm2 Its presence is revealed by a keyhole-shaped hole in the sand , made by its siphons during suspension feeding for plankton .
The foot is inflated hydraulically , extend down into the sand and anchoring the animal .
In the razor shell sexual development is highly synchronous .
It is found on sandy beaches in Northern Europe and Eastern Canada , such as Prince Edward Island , where it is most populous in the world .
In winter and spring consecutive spawns take place , interrupted by gonadal restoration periods .
The razor shell , Ensis arcuatus , also called razor clam or razor fish , is a bivalve of the family Pharidae .
Its digging activity comprises six stages , repeated cyclically .
Heinrich Anton de Bary ( 26 January 1831 - 19 January 1888 ) was a German surgeon , botanist , microbiologist , and mycologist ( fungal systematics and physiology ) .
He is considered a founding father of plant pathology ( phytopathology ) as well as the founder of modern mycology .
His extensive and careful studies of the life history of fungi and contribution to the understanding of algae and higher plants were landmarks of biology .
He traced the stages through which they grew and reproduced and the adaptations that enabled them to survive drought and winter .
De Bary also studied the formation of lichens which are the result of an association between a fungus and an alga .
He carefully studied the morphology of molds , yeasts , and fungi and basically established mycology as an independent science .
He coined the word `` symbiosis '' in 1879 in his monograph `` Die Erscheinung der Symbiose '' ( Strasbourg , 1879 ) as `` the living together of unlike organisms '' .
China Airlines Flight 611 ( callsign Dynasty 611 ) was a regularly scheduled passenger flight from Chiang Kai-shek International Airport ( now Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport ) in Taoyuan , Taiwan to Hong Kong International Airport in Hong Kong .
Chang Chia-juch , the Taiwanese Vice Minister of Transportation and Communications , said that two Cathay Pacific aircraft in the area received B-18255 's emergency location-indicator signals .
A dike or dyke in geology is a sheet of rock that formed in a crack in a pre-existing rock body .
Adams was the father of John Quincy Adams , the sixth President of the United States .
Young Adams went to Harvard College at age sixteen in 1751 .
One of his greatest roles was as a judge of character : in 1775 , he nominated George Washington to be commander-in-chief , and 25 years later nominated John Marshall to be Chief Justice of the United States .
He assisted Thomas Jefferson in drafting the Declaration of Independence in 1776 , and was its primary advocate in the Congress .
Americans remained pro-French , due to France 's assistance during the Revolutionary War .
The city is located 70 km ( 43 mi ) inland from Jeddah in a narrow valley at a height of 277 m ( 909 ft ) above sea level .
The September 11 attacks ( also referred to as September 11 , September 11th , or 9\/11 ) were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks launched by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda upon the United States in New York City and the Washington , D.C. metropolitan area on Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 .
As in live performances of the opera , recordings of the work have often been paired with Ruggero Leoncavallo 's Pagliacci .
He also noted that `` The boy 's narration , unnervingly matter-of-fact about the nature of the universe , takes on more power when he reveals that in 11 years , he has never spoken a word . ''
She finished the review saying it `` delivers a suspenseful ride around the world , peppered with some tear-jerking moments .
He imbued Jack Bauer with similar stoicism , but Martin seems less resilient , more distressed . ''
Here 's hoping `` Touch '' continues to reach it . ''
The bar has been set high .
Kiefer Sutherland 's performance also gained praise , with Landweber saying `` Sutherland , however , plays the part with such a combination of intensity and subtlety that we are drawn deep into Martin 's suffering , and rather than judging him , we feel with him .
Every trial is etched in his face .
Lori Rackl of the Chicago Sun-Times said the show `` operates on the mind-blowing premise that people around the world are linked to one another and their lives intersect-with potentially major repercussions '' .
In a review for the New York Post , Linda Stasi said `` If you ca n't get enough of number sequences and universal cylindrical patterns that constantly repeat ( ... ) then for sure you 'll repeat the pattern of watching Fox 's new show . ''
During its first season the series aired regularly on Thursday nights beginning March 22 , 2012 .
The second season was originally scheduled to begin Friday , October 26 , 2012 , but was pushed back to Friday , February 8 , 2013 .
Thirteen episodes were ordered for the first season , with the two-episode season finale airing on Thursday , May 31 , 2012 .
The collegiate church offices provided the opportunity for what soon afterwards became the most significant event in Tübingen 's history : the founding of the Eberhard Karls University by Duke Eberhard im Bart of Württemberg in 1477 , thus making it one of the oldest universities in Central Europe .
Between 1470 and 1483 , St. George 's Collegiate Church was built .
It became soon renowned as one of the most influential places of learning in the Holy Roman Empire , especially for theology ( a Protestant faculty , Tübinger Stift , was established in 1535 in the former Augustinian monastery ) .
Tübingen ( listen ( help · info ) ) is a traditional university town in central Baden-Württemberg , Germany .
As of 2014 about one in three people living in Tübingen is a student .
Tübingen is the city with the youngest average population in Germany .
Cwichelm ( died circa 636 ) was an Anglo-Saxon king of the Gewisse , a people in the upper Thames area who later created the kingdom of Wessex .
The last mention of Cwichelm is for 636 , when the Chronicle records : `` This year King Cwichelm was baptized at Dorchester , and died the same year . ''
Cadmium sulfate is used widely for the electroplating of cadmium in electronic circuits .
It is also a precursor to cadmium-based pigment such as cadmium sulfide .
Kitakyushu was formed by the merging of Kokura , Yahata , Wakamatsu , Moji , and Tobata .
His colorful personal life often made headlines , most notably for the 1914 fire and murders at his Taliesin studio .
There he joined Phi Delta Theta fraternity , took classes part-time for two semesters , and worked with a professor of civil engineering , Allan D. Conover .
Wright also formed a bond with office foreman Paul Mueller .
As an act of respect , Wright would later refer to Sullivan as Lieber Meister ( German for `` Dear Master '' ) .
The dead included Mamah ; her two children , John and Martha ; a gardener ; a draftsman named Emil Brodelle ; a workman ; and another workman 's son .
Wright also designed many of the interior elements of his buildings , such as the furniture and stained glass .
Wright authored 20 books and many articles and was a popular lecturer in the United States and in Europe .
On August 15 , 1914 , while Wright was working in Chicago , Julian Carlton , a male servant from Barbados who had been hired several months earlier , set fire to the living quarters of Taliesin and murdered seven people with an axe as the fire burned .
This particular house , built for Allison Harlan , was only blocks away from Sullivan 's townhouse in the Chicago community of Kenwood .
Wright would later engage Mueller to build several of his public and commercial buildings between 1903 and 1923 .
Wright attended a Madison high school , but there is no evidence he ever graduated .
William Wright had met and married Anna Lloyd Jones ( 1838\/39 - 1923 ) , a county school teacher , the previous year when he was employed as the superintendent of schools for Richland County .
Although William was a distant parent , he shared his love of music , especially the works of Johann Sebastian Bach , with his children .
Already well known during his lifetime , Wright was recognized in 1991 by the American Institute of Architects as `` the greatest American architect of all time . ''
Wright was a leader of the Prairie School movement of architecture and developed the concept of the Usonian home , his unique vision for urban planning in the United States .
Carlton died from starvation seven weeks after the attack , despite medical attention .
In 1902 , the Larkin Company decided to build a new administration building .
He was admitted to the University of Wisconsin-Madison as a special student in 1886 .
Sullivan knew nothing of the independent works until 1893 , when he recognized that one of the houses was unmistakably a Frank Lloyd Wright design .
In spite of this , `` Sullivan took ( Wright ) under his wing and gave him great design responsibility . ''
He was nearly lynched on the spot , but was taken to the Dodgeville jail .
Frank Lloyd Wright was born Frank Lincoln Wright in the farming town of Richland Center , Wisconsin , United States , in 1867 .
However , when the museum was completed , a number of details of Wright 's design were ignored , such as his desire for the interior to be painted off-white .
Further , the Museum currently designs exhibits to be viewed by walking up the curved walkway rather than walking down from the top level .
His father , William Carey Wright ( 1825-1904 ) , was a locally admired orator , music teacher , occasional lawyer , and itinerant minister .
Many examples of this work are in Buffalo , New York as a result of a friendship between Wright and Darwin D. Martin , an executive of the Larkin Soap Company .
Its unique central geometry was meant to allow visitors to easily experience Guggenheim 's collection of nonobjective geometric paintings by taking an elevator to the top level and then viewing artworks by walking down the slowly descending , central spiral ramp , the floor of which is embedded with circular shapes and triangular light fixtures to complement the geometric nature of the structure .
Wright came to Buffalo and designed not only the Larkin Administration Building ( completed in 1904 , demolished in 1950 ) , but also homes for three of the company 's executives including the Darwin D. Martin House in 1904 , and later , their summer residence , the Graycliff Estate , also designed for Darwin D. Martin and his wife , Isabelle .
Wright believed in designing structures which were in harmony with humanity and its environment , a philosophy he called organic architecture .
For that matter , Sullivan showed very little respect for his employees as well .
As with the residential projects for Adler & Sullivan , Wright designed his bootleg houses on his own time .
The Wright family struggled financially in Weymouth and returned to Spring Green , Wisconsin , where the supportive Lloyd Jones clan could help William find employment .
Wright did not get along well with Sullivan 's other draftsmen ; he wrote that several violent altercations occurred between them during the first years of his apprenticeship .
This philosophy was best exemplified by his design for Fallingwater ( 1935 ) , which has been called `` the best all-time work of American architecture '' .
The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City occupied Wright for 16 years ( 1943-1959 ) and is probably his most recognized masterpiece .
The building rises as a warm beige spiral from its site on Fifth Avenue ; its interior is similar to the inside of a seashell .
Frank Lloyd Wright ( born Frank Lincoln Wright , June 8 , 1867 - April 9 , 1959 ) was an American architect , interior designer , writer and educator , who designed more than 1000 structures and completed 532 works .
Two people survived the mayhem , one of whom helped to put out the fire that almost completely consumed the residential wing of the house .
Wright also designed some of his own clothing .
The other three buildings were the Guggenheim Museum , the Frederick C. Robie House and the Johnson Wax Building .
His work includes original and innovative examples of many different building types , including offices , churches , schools , skyscrapers , hotels , and museums .
Edward and Eleanor returned to England and were crowned together on 19 August 1274 .
Several of her relatives did come to England soon after her marriage .
Eleanor of Castile ( 1241 - 28 November 1290 ) was the first queen consort of Edward I of England .
By 1270 , the kingdom was pacified and Edward and Eleanor left to join his uncle Louis IX of France on the Eighth Crusade .
The young couple married at the monastery of Las Huelgas , Burgos , on 1 November 1254 .
They left Palestine in September 1272 and in Sicily that December they learned of Henry III 's death ( on 16 November 1272 ) .
She was also Countess of Ponthieu in her own right from 1279 until her death in 1290 , succeeding her mother and ruling together with her husband .
Louis died at Carthage before they arrived , however , and after they spent the winter in Sicily , the couple went on to Acre in Palestine , where they arrived in May 1271 .
There is little record of Eleanor 's life in England until the 1260s , when the Second Barons ' War , between Henry III and his barons , divided the kingdom .
Edward was captured at Lewes and imprisoned , and Eleanor was honourably confined at Westminster Palace .
Division I ( D-I ) is the highest level of intercollegiate athletics sanctioned by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) in the United States .
D-I schools include the major collegiate athletic powers , with larger budgets , more elaborate facilities , and more athletic scholarships than Divisions II and III as well as many smaller schools committed to the highest level of intercollegiate competition .
It is said that smugglers who landed on the beach in the middle of the night could judge `` exactly where they were '' by the size of the shingle .
Westwards the shingle forms a straight line along the coast , enclosing the Fleet , a shallow tidal lagoon .
At the eastern end of the beach at the village of Chiswell , against the cliffs of the Isle of Portland , the beach curves round sharply to form Chesil Cove .
The beach and the Fleet are part of the Jurassic Coast , a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and the location for a 2007 novel , On Chesil Beach by Ian McEwan .
Its toponym is derived from the Old English ceosel or cisel , meaning `` gravel '' or `` shingle '' .
This part of the beach protects the low-lying village from flooding .
Varying with the Bank 's unbroken increase in height , to 14.7 metres ( 48 ft ) , above mean high water , the size of the flint and chert shingle varies from pea-sized at the north-west end ( by West Bay ) to orange-sized at the south-east end ( by Portland ) .
Coordinates : 50 ° 36 ′ 14 ″ N 2 ° 30 ′ 58 ″ W \/ 50.604 ° N 2.516 ° W \/ 50.604 ; -2.516 Chesil Beach \/ ˈtʃɛzɨl \/ , sometimes called Chesil Bank , in Dorset , southern England is one of three major shingle structures in Britain .
In 1470 , along with Foligno , Trevi became the fourth town in Italy to have a printing press , managed by the first known printing company .
Treviae is also mentioned in the 5th‑century Bordeaux Itinerary .
The population of the comune was c. 8,000 in 2004 , with the town proper accounting for about half of that ; the rest lives in the frazioni of Borgo , Bovara , Cannaiola , Coste , Pigge , Manciano , Matigge , Parrano , Picciche , San Lorenzo and Santa Maria in Valle .
In 1438 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the States of the Church , then ( 1860 ) with the united Kingdom of Italy .
The Museo della Civiltà dell ' Olivo provides an educational look at the olive industry , from the planting of the olive through its processing into oil ; the Flash Art Museum houses contemporary art exhibits .
In Antiquity , Pliny the Elder mentioned Trevi as a city of the ancient Umbrians , which has been confirmed by the find of an Umbrian inscription within the territory of the comune , at Bovara , in the 1950s .
Trevi has about twenty old churches , several of which are of note : The territory of the comune is particularly rich in Romanesque churches : some of those in the plain , erected on the Roman Via Flaminia when that road was in use , and incorporating a fair amount of Roman spolia , remain as markers of the road 's course .
Trevi 's best fortunes were in the 15th century , when its commercial importance was such that it was called `` il porto secco '' - the dry port .
Confucius ( 551-479 BC ) was a Chinese teacher , editor , politician , and philosopher of the Spring and Autumn period of Chinese history .
The vacuoles are extremely small .
The cell wall is a very thin primary cell wall .
Specifically , an active apical meristem lays down a growing root or shoot behind itself , pushing itself forward .
Meristematic cells are packed closely together without intercellular cavities .
Furthermore , the cells are small and protoplasm fills the cell completely .
Apical meristems are very small , compared to the cylinder-shaped lateral meristems ( see ` Secondary Meristems ' below ) .
Its main function is to begin growth of new cells in young seedlings at the tips of roots and shoots ( forming buds , among other things ) .
In general , differentiated plant cells can not divide or produce cells of a different type .
These differentiate into three kinds of primary meristems .
Apical meristems are found in two locations : the root and the stem .
Meristematic cells are incompletely or not at all differentiated , and are capable of continued cellular division ( youthful ) .
The cytoplasm does not contain differentiated plastids ( chloroplasts or chromoplasts ) , although they are present in rudimentary form ( proplastids ) .
In that sense , the meristematic cells are frequently compared to the stem cells in animals , which have an analogous behavior and function .
A meristem is the tissue in most plants containing undifferentiated cells ( meristematic cells ) , found in zones of the plant where growth can take place .
Unlike the shoot apical meristem , the root apical meristem produces cells in two dimensions .
President Franklin D. Roosevelt authorized the internment with Executive Order 9066 , issued February 19 , 1942 , which allowed local military commanders to designate `` military areas '' as `` exclusion zones , '' from which `` any or all persons may be excluded . ''
The attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7 , 1941 led military and political leaders to suspect that Imperial Japan was preparing a full-scale attack on the West Coast of the United States .
Those that were as little as 1\/16 Japanese could be placed in internment camps .
In comparison to earlier proboscids , Gomphotherium had far fewer molars ; the remaining ones had high ridges to expand their grinding surface .
These animals probably lived in swamps or near lakes , using their tusks to dig or scrape up aquatic vegetation .
It survived into the Pliocene , and its remains have been found in Chile , France , Germany , Austria , Kansas , Tennessee , Pakistan , Kenya and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Compared to elephants , the skull was more elongated and low , indicating that the animal had a short trunk , rather like a tapir 's .
Unlike modern elephants , the upper tusks were covered by a layer of enamel .
Gomphotherium inhabited dry wooded regions near lakes .
Gomphotherium stood around 3 metres ( 9.8 ft ) high with an estimated weight of 4-5 tons , and bore a strong resemblance to a modern elephant .
However , it had four tusks ; two on the upper jaw and two on the elongated lower jaw .
The lower tusks are parallel and shaped like a shovel and were probably used for digging up food from mud .
The genus emigrated into Asia , Europe and Africa after a drop in sea level ( probably during the Tortonian epoch ) allowed them to cross over .
The modern Siamese shares the pointed color pattern with the Thai , or traditional Siamese , but they differ in head and body type .
The lymph system is not a closed system .
A lymph node is an organized collection of lymphoid tissue , through which the lymph passes on its way to returning to the blood .
Later , the bulge was confirmed on plates dating back to April 29 , 1965 .
This occurs when the Pluto-Charon orbital plane is edge-on as seen from Earth , which only happens at two intervals in Pluto 's 248-year orbital period .
All doubts were erased when Pluto and Charon entered a five-year period of mutual eclipses and transits between 1985 and 1990 .
Images showing Pluto and Charon resolved into separate disks were taken for the first time by the Hubble Space Telescope in the 1990s .
Subsequent observations of Pluto determined that the bulge was due to a smaller accompanying body .
Charon is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet Pluto .
The periodicity of the bulge corresponded to Pluto 's rotation period , which was previously known from Pluto 's light curve .
Later , the development of adaptive optics made it possible to resolve Pluto and Charon into separate disks using ground-based telescopes .
It was fortuitous that one of these intervals happened to occur so soon after Charon 's discovery .
Soon after the birth of Leonhard , the Eulers moved from Basel to the town of Riehen , where Euler spent most of his childhood .
At this time , he was receiving Saturday afternoon lessons from Johann Bernoulli , who quickly discovered his new pupil 's incredible talent for mathematics .
He had two younger sisters named Anna Maria and Maria Magdalena .
Euler is considered to be the pre-eminent mathematician of the 18th century and one of the greatest mathematicians to have ever lived .
He is also renowned for his work in mechanics , fluid dynamics , optics , astronomy , and music theory .
Euler 's early formal education started in Basel , where he was sent to live with his maternal grandmother .
In addition , Euler made important contributions in optics .
He is also one of the most prolific mathematicians ; his collected works fill 60-80 quarto volumes .
At the age of thirteen he enrolled at the University of Basel , and in 1723 , received his Master of Philosophy with a dissertation that compared the philosophies of Descartes and Newton .
He spent most of his adult life in St. Petersburg , Russia , and in Berlin , Prussia .
A statement attributed to Pierre-Simon Laplace expresses Euler 's influence on mathematics : `` Read Euler , read Euler , he is the master of us all . ''
He also introduced much of the modern mathematical terminology and notation , particularly for mathematical analysis , such as the notion of a mathematical function .
The Division of Gellibrand is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria .
It is located in the industrial inner western suburbs of Melbourne and includes Footscray , Sunshine , Newport , Yarraville , Altona and Williamstown .
Nicola Roxon was Australia 's first female Attorney General in the Gillard Government .
The division was created in 1949 and is named after Joseph Gellibrand , a pioneer settler of the Melbourne area .
Its most prominent members have been Ralph Willis , a Cabinet minister in the Hawke and Keating Governments , and Nicola Roxon , a Cabinet minister in the Rudd Government and the first and second Gillard Governments .
After World War II , Pius XII appointed more non-Italians than any Pope before him .
In 1901 he entered the Congregation for Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs , a sub-office of the Vatican Secretariat of State .
It corresponded approximately to the combined regions of the present-day Indian states of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand .
It came into existence on 1 April 1937 as a result of the shortening of `` United Provinces of British India '' .
The United Provinces was a province of British India and , subsequently , Independent India .
He tried to treat his class in a friendly way , which puzzled and offended them . ''
After gaining his degree , Mallory stayed in Cambridge for a year writing an essay he later published as Boswell the Biographer ( 1912 ) .
Graves recalled : `` He ( Mallory ) was wasted ( as a teacher ) at Charterhouse .
In December 1915 , Mallory joined the Royal Garrison Artillery as 2nd lieutenant and in 1916 , he participated in the shelling of the Somme , under the command of Major Gwilym Lloyd George , the son of then Prime Minister David Lloyd George .
At the age of 13 , he won a mathematics scholarship to Winchester College .
There he became good friends with members of the future Bloomsbury Group including James Strachey , Lytton Strachey , Rupert Brooke , John Maynard Keynes , and Duncan Grant , who took several portraits of Mallory .
George had two sisters and a younger brother , Trafford Leigh-Mallory , the World War II Royal Air Force commander .
George Herbert Leigh Mallory ( 18 June 1886 - 8 or 9 June 1924 ) was an English mountaineer who took part in the first three British expeditions to Mount Everest in the early 1920s .
In 1910 , he began teaching at Charterhouse School , Godalming , Surrey , where he met the poet Robert Graves , then a pupil , and he went on to act as best man at Graves ' wedding in 1918 .
After the war , Mallory returned to Charterhouse , resigning in 1921 in order to join the first Everest expedition .
Mallory was born in Mobberley , Cheshire , the son of Herbert Leigh Mallory ( 1856-1943 ) , a clergyman who changed his surname from Mallory to Leigh-Mallory in 1914 .
Mallory 's ultimate fate was unknown for 75 years , until his body was discovered on 1 May 1999 by an expedition that had set out to search for the climbers ' remains .
Mallory is famously quoted as having replied to the question `` Why do you want to climb Mount Everest ? ''
In 1896 , Mallory attended Glengorse , a preparatory boarding school in Eastbourne on the south coast of England , having transferred from another preparatory school in West Kirby .
In his final year there , he was introduced to rock climbing and mountaineering by a master , R. L. G. Irving , who took a small number of people climbing in the Alps each year .
with the retort `` Because it 's there '' , which has been called `` the most famous three words in mountaineering '' .
George and Ruth had two daughters and a son : Frances Clare ( 19 September 1915 - 2001 ) , Beridge Ruth , known as ` Berry ' ( 16 September 1917 - 1953 ) , and John ( born 21 August 1920 ) .
Mallory was a keen oarsman , rowing for his college while at Cambridge .
While at Charterhouse , he met his wife , Ruth Turner ( 6 October 1892 - 6 January 1942 ) , who lived in Godalming , and they were married in 1914 , just six days before Britain and Germany went to war .
During the 1924 British Mount Everest Expedition , Mallory and his climbing partner Andrew `` Sandy '' Irvine both disappeared on the North-East ridge during their attempt to make the first ascent of the world 's highest mountain .
In October 1905 , Mallory entered Magdalene College , Cambridge , to study history .
He later also played for the Oxford University Ice Hockey Club while on a scholarship at the University of Oxford , a team that won the first Spengler Cup in 1923 .
During Pearson 's time as Prime Minister , his Liberal minority governments introduced universal health care , student loans , the Canada Pension Plan , the Order of Canada , and the new Flag of Canada .
Pearson signed the Canada-United States Automotive Agreement ( or Auto Pact ) in January 1965 , and unemployment fell to its lowest rate in over a decade .
Lester Bowles `` Mike '' Pearson , PC , OM , CC , OBE ( 23 April 1897 - 27 December 1972 ) was a Canadian professor , historian , civil servant , statesman , diplomat , and politician , who won the Nobel Prize for Peace in 1957 for organizing the United Nations Emergency Force to resolve the Suez Canal Crisis .
In 1948 , Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent appointed Pearson Secretary of State for External Affairs ( foreign minister ) in the Liberal government .
Pearson was born in the township of York , Ontario , ( now a part of Toronto ) , the son of Annie Sarah ( née Bowles ) and Edwin Arthur Pearson , a Methodist ( later United Church of Canada ) minister .
They are : Condors are part of the family Cathartidae , whereas the 15 species of Old World vultures are in the family Accipitridae , that also includes falcons , hawks , and eagles .
They are the largest flying land birds in the Western Hemisphere .
The New World and Old World vultures evolved from different ancestors .
Some scientists also believe that an ancient relative of the condor , Argentavis magnificens from South America , may have been the largest flying bird ever with a wingspan of 7 metres ( 23 ft ) .
Fossils from the Pleistocene era have been found in various parts of North America , including New York and Florida , leading scientists to believe that California Condors or their ancestors once lived on the west coast of North America as well as all the way to the eastern coast .
Condor is the name for two species of New World vultures , each in a monotypic genus .
Arsène Lupin is a fictional gentleman thief who appears in a series of detective fiction and crime fiction novels by the French writer Maurice Leblanc .
There are hints of romance between Hercules and Kora , although their friendship keeps it all innocent .
The storyline follows Hercules ( Ryan Gosling ) as he attends Cheiron 's Academy to train in the arts of the warrior under the wise headmaster Cheiron the Centaur ( Nathaniel Lees ) .
Among his group is his nephew Strife ( Joel Tobeck ) , who is the rather weaker member of the team .
Hercules also meets the academy 's first female cadet , Lilith ( Jodie Rimmer ) .
As the series develops , Kora is revealed to have special powers which allow her to do Artemis ' bidding .
The show features the efforts of Ares , the god of war , played by Kevin Tod Smith , who attempts often to destroy his younger half-brother to win over Zeus ' good graces .
Strife 's mother is Discord , goddess of retribution ( Meighan Desmond ) , who acts more level-headed and power hungry than her counterpart on more than one occasion .
It was aired on Fox Kids from September 12 , 1998 , to May 12 , 1999 .
Other characters of interest include Kora , the inn keeper who unknown to Hercules and his friends is a devotee of Artemis : Goddess of the Hunt .
Ian Bohen played Young Hercules in the pilot movie was offered the part , but opted not to move to New Zealand where the series would shoot principal photography .
He makes friends with the future king of Corinth Prince Jason ( Chris Conrad ) and a thieving former member of a bandit group named Iolaus ( Dean O'Gorman ) , who was sentenced to train at the academy as an alternative to prison for his crimes .
Young Hercules was a spin-off from the 1990s syndicated television series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
It lasted one season with 50 episodes and starred Ryan Gosling in the title role .
A 2013 survey ranked the group as number one among female idol groups at that time .
This abnormality caused the strokes that Vergeer experienced .
Finally , doctors discovered that Vergeer had an Vascular myelopathy around her spinal cord .
She played with the Dutch team that won the European championship in 1997 .
Vergeer has been the world number one wheelchair tennis player since 1999 .
Esther Mary Vergeer ( born 18 July 1981 in Woerden ) is a retired Dutch wheelchair tennis player .
On 15 January 1990 , she had a nine-hour operation , which left her unable to move her legs .
Vergeer had one final operation in March but was left paralyzed .
Vergeer won 148 singles titles including four Paralympic Singles Gold medals , 21 Grand Slam titles and 14 NEC Wheelchair Tennis Masters .
Vergeer finished the year as number one .
The enclosing bony vertebral column protects the relatively shorter spinal cord .
He made the acquaintance of several terminally ill children , some of whom died during his stay .
It would take another four years until his parents allowed him to quit .
Gackt 's musical education began at age three , when his parents initiated his classical piano education .
His father was a music teacher primarily playing the trumpet and his mother was also a teacher .
Gackt was born on July 4 , 1973 , as the second of three children in a Ryukyuan family , in Okinawa , Japan .
According to Gackt 's autobiography Jihaku , he was a mischievous child and had a tendency to face death ; at age seven he nearly drowned while swimming off the coast of Okinawa .
At the age of ten , he was hospitalized with a gastrointestinal condition and had to remain at the hospital for a prolonged time .
Gackt Camui ( 神威 楽斗 , Kamui Gakuto ?
The trophy was awarded annually until 1905 , after which the ACF held the first Grand Prix motor racing event at the Circuit de la Sarthe , in Le Mans .
As the races were between national teams , it led to the reorganisation and standardisation of national racing colors .
Britain had to choose a different color from its usual national colors of red , white and blue , as these had already been taken by USA , Germany , and France respectively .
As one of three Gordon Bennett Cups established by James Gordon Bennett , Jr. , millionaire owner of the New York Herald , the automobile racing award was first given in 1900 in France .
In 1899 Gordon Bennett offered the Automobile Club de France ( ACF ) a trophy to be raced for annually by the automobile clubs of the various countries .
As a compliment to Ireland the British team chose to race in Shamrock green which thus became known as British racing green , although the winning Napier of 1902 had been painted Olive green .
Under the rules , the races were hosted in the country of the previous year 's winner .
The art center is also home to the Gold Coast City Art Gallery .
The Arts Centre Gold Coast ( formerly Gold Coast Arts Centre ) is a set of facilities that sits on the banks of the Nerang River in the Gold Coast in Queensland , Australia .
Padilla and Hecox first met in their sixth grade science class .
Given the long orbit that TNOs have around the Sun , Huya comes to opposition in early May of each year at an apparent magnitude of 19.3 .
It was found using data collected by at the CIDA Observatory in Venezuela .
It was discovered in March 2000 by Ignacio Ferrin and announced on 24 October 2000 .
Huya has a moderately red-sloped reflectance spectrum in the visible and near-infrared , suggesting a surface rich in organic material such as tholins .
It was assigned the name Huya , after Juyá , the Wayuu rain god , in August 2003 by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) .
38628 Huya is a trans-Neptunian object ( TNO ) .
At the time of its discovery , Huya was the biggest and brightest trans-Neptunian object found since Pluto .
It also appears that Ambrosius was a Christian : Gildas says that he won his battles `` with God 's help '' .
We know from Gildas that he was of high birth , and had Roman ancestry ; he was presumably a Romano-Briton , rather than a Roman from elsewhere in the empire , though it is impossible to be sure .
Following the destructive assault of the Saxons , the survivors gather together under the leadership of Ambrosius , who is described as : '' ... a gentleman who , perhaps alone of the Romans , had survived the shock of this notable storm .
His descendants in our day have become greatly inferior to their grandfather 's ( avita ) excellence . ''
However , this victory was not decisive : `` Sometimes the Saxons and sometimes the citizens ( meaning the Romano-British inhabitants ) were victorious . ''
According to Gildas , Ambrosius organised the survivors into an armed force and achieved the first military victory over the Saxon invaders .
Certainly his parents , who had worn the purple , were slain by it .
Ambrosius Aurelianus is one of the few people that Gildas identifies by name in his sermon De Excidio et Conquestu Britanniae , and the only one named from the 5th century .
He also appeared independently in the legends of the Britons , beginning with the 9th-century Historia Brittonum .
The band released their debut album , The Stone Roses , in 1989 .
The Stone Roses are an English rock band formed in Manchester in 1983 .
In June 2013 , a documentary about the band 's reformation directed by Shane Meadows and titled The Stone Roses : Made of Stone was released .
In the United States , there is no federal law stating a required age to be tattooed .
Most such tattooists will allow a parent or guardian to give written or oral consent in person .
In most states , when a person reaches the age of 18 in the U.S. , they are legally considered an adult .
The artist may also choose to place additional restrictions based on his or her own moral feelings , such as refusing any clients under a specific age even with parental consent , or limiting the type and\/or location of where they are willing to tattoo a minor ( such as refusing any work around intimate parts of the body ) .
In all jurisdictions , even those having no law dictating a minimum age , individual tattooists may choose to set age restrictions for their business as a precaution against lawsuits .
Many states require that the person being tattooed is an adult over 18 , but some states do allow minors ( 17 or less ) to be tattooed with parental consent .
No parental consent is allowed .
They must be 18-years-old or older .
In lateral approximants , the center of tongue makes solid contact with the roof of the mouth .
Since 2006 , Chinese-language films from Taiwan and Hong Kong are also eligible for awards .
The People 's Hundred Flower Award ( Chinese : 大众电影百花奖 ; pinyin : Dàzhòng Diànyǐng Bǎihuā Jiǎng ) or Hundred Flowers Awards , equivalent the China 's Golden Globes , are considered , together with the Golden Rooster Awards , the most prestigious film awards in China .
The last scimitar cat could have survived in North America until 10,000 years ago .
In Eurasia it survived until about 30,000 years ago .
It first became extinct in Africa some 1.5 million years ago .
In South America it is only known from a few remains in the northern ( Venezuela ) , from the mid-Pleistocene .
Homotherium is an extinct genus of machairodontine saber-toothed cats , often termed scimitar-toothed cats , that ranged from North America , South America , Eurasia , and Africa during the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs ( 5 mya-10 ,000 years ago ) , existing for approximately 5 million years .
In March 2011 Koppman and Litz left the Band and were replaced by Tapsig and Butcher .
xCrosscheckx was formed by vocalist Kalle in 2002 .
Since the band started they played a lot of shows with famous bands like Real McKenzies , Dritte Wahl or SS-Kaliert .
In October \/ November 2008 xCrosscheckx played a 2 weeks tour in south-east Asia .
xCrosscheckx is a straight edge hardcore band from Germany .
In October 2007 Marcia left the band and was substituted through Benjamin .
The other members are Koppman on drums , Marcia on bass and Litz on guitar .
This line-up existed since forming the band till October 2007 consistently .
The band plays all the time uncompromising old school hardcore like Slapshot or 7seconds .
The Governess sings about her wonderful position at the house and the beautiful children she has in her care .
As Flora plays on the shore with her doll , the Governess suddenly sees a strange woman across the lake who seems to be watching Flora .
The Governess and Mrs. Grose arrive as the children are about to be possessed , and the spirits depart .
They argue about who harmed whom first when they were alive , and accuse one another of not acting quickly enough to possess the children .
That night , Miles and Flora slip out into the woods to meet Miss Jessel and Peter Quint .
The next morning , the family goes to church .
In her room , the Governess worries about the evil she feels in the house .
Later that day , the Governess sits by the side of a lake with Flora .
The ghosts of Peter Quint and Miss Jessel reappear .
When the man disappears , she becomes frightened and wonders if she has seen a ghost .
Based on her description the housekeeper tells the Governess about Peter Quint , the former valet at Bly House .
The Governess hurries Flora home to safety .
Miles sings a haunting song about how he has been a bad boy .
The children fantasize about a world where dreams come true .
Shortly thereafter , Quint died under mysterious circumstances on an icy road near Bly House .
When she arrives at Bly House , the housekeeper , Mrs. Grose , and the children greet her .
The opera was given its British premiere on 6 October 1954 by the Sadler 's Wells Opera in London ; the US premiere followed on 19 March 1958 at the New York College of Music .
Instead , she writes to the children 's uncle , informing him that she must speak with him .
Suddenly , she spots a pale-faced man perched on a tower of the house .
The next morning , the Governess teaches Miles Latin when he enters into a trance-like state and sings a song , `` Malo '' .
Time : The middle of the nineteenth century Place : Bly , an English country house A singer known as Prologue tells about a young governess ( who remains unnamed throughout the opera ) he once knew who cared for two children at Bly House .
Mrs. Grose agrees to take Flora away from the house .
The children sing a song which sounds similar to a psalm .
The opera was commissioned by the Venice Biennale and given its world premiere on 14 September 1954 , at the Teatro La Fenice , Venice .
Flora recites the names of the seas of the world , finishing with the Dead Sea .
The horrified Governess realizes that the woman is a ghost-the ghost of Miss Jessel , who has returned to claim Flora .
Her mind is put at ease by the playing of the children , and their singing of the nursery rhyme `` Tom , Tom , the Piper 's Son '' .
She had been hired by their uncle and guardian , who lived in London and was too busy to care for them .
Mrs. Grose implies that Quint may have been a pederast who preyed on Miles , and that he had a sexual relationship with Miss Jessel , the young and beautiful previous governess .
The Turn of the Screw is a 20th-century English chamber opera composed by Benjamin Britten with a libretto by Myfanwy Piper , `` wife of the artist John Piper , who had been a friend of the composer since 1935 and had provided designs for several of the operas '' .
But she is troubled by footsteps she has heard outside her door and cries in the night .
A letter from Miles ' school arrives , advising the Governess that the boy has been expelled but giving no reason .
The Governess is sure that Miles , like his sister Flora , is too innocent to have done anything bad enough for expulsion .
Alarmed , Mrs. Grose advises the Governess to write to their employer in London .
Gifted education is handled separately .
Schools use different approaches to providing special education services to students .
Common special needs include learning disabilities , communication disabilities , emotional and behavioral disorders , physical disabilities , and developmental disabilities .
The Kingdom of Sophene ( Armenian : Ծոփքի Թագավորութիւն ) was an ancient Armenian kingdom .
Founded around the 3rd century BC the kingdom maintained independence until around 90 BC when Tigranes the Great conquered the territories as part of his empire .
Variously , the term is used for the period from the end of World War I to the beginning of the Great Depression , though in the United States it is used for the generation of young people who came of age during and shortly after World War I , alternatively known as the World War I generation .
The 1926 publication of Ernest Hemingway 's The Sun Also Rises popularized the term , as Hemingway used it as an epigraph .
John Harlan Willis ( June 10 , 1921 - February 28 , 1945 ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration-the Medal of Honor-for his actions during the Battle of Iwo Jima in World War II .
Willis ' official Medal of Honor citation reads : The destroyer escort USS John Willis ( DE-1027 ) was named in his honor .
Céline Marie Claudette Dion , CC OQ ChLD ( French pronunciation : ( selin djɔ̃ ) ( listen ) ; born 30 March 1968 ) is a Canadian singer .
Dion first gained international recognition in the 1980s by winning both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest where she represented Switzerland .
The Live in Las Vegas - A New Day ... DVD was released on 10 December 2007 in Europe and the following day in North America .
After One Heart , Dion released her next English Language studio album , Miracle ( 2004 ) .
Historian of psychology Mark Altschule observes that , `` It is difficult-or perhaps impossible-to find a nineteenth-century psychologist or psychiatrist who did not recognize unconscious cerebration as not only real but of the highest importance . ''
The term `` unconscious mind '' was coined by the 18th-century German romantic philosopher Friedrich Schelling and later introduced into English by the poet and essayist Samuel Taylor Coleridge .
It plays an important role in psychoanalysis .
His almost thirty-year presidency made him Egypt 's longest-serving ruler since Muhammad Ali Pasha , who ruled the country from 1805 to 1848 .
On 2 June 2012 , Mubarak was sentenced to life imprisonment by an Egyptian court .
The Mystery of Edwin Drood is the final novel by Charles Dickens .
On Christmas Eve , Neville buys himself a heavy walking stick ; he plans to spend his Christmas break hiking around the countryside .
Deputy will not go near there for fear that Jasper will choke him again .
This time she follows him all the way to his home in Cloisterham ; outside she meets Mr. Datchery , who tells her Jasper 's name and that he will sing the next morning in the cathedral service .
A stranger who calls himself Dick Datchery arrives in Cloisterham .
A half-year later , Neville is living in London near Mr. Grewgious 's office .
The next day , Edwin visits Rosa at the Nuns ' House , the boarding school where she lives .
The next morning she attends the service and shakes her fists at Jasper from behind a pillar .
They decide to ask Mr. Grewgious to break the news to Jasper , and Edwin intends to return the ring to Mr. Grewgious .
Jasper visits the London opium den again for the first time since Edwin 's disappearance .
Neville will study with the minor canon , Rev. Mr. Crisparkle ; Helena will live at the Nuns ' House with Rosa .
Soju ( Hangul 소주 ; Hanja 燒酒 ) is a distilled beverage native to Korea .
Soju 燒酒 , literally means `` burned liquor '' .
The genus name is also used as the common name .
Jacaranda ( which includes Blue Jacarandas ) has 18 species and is found primarily in Zimbabwe , in North , West and East of Iran , western South America , Central America , Mexico , and the Caribbean .
Jacaranda is a genus of 49 species of flowering plants in the family Bignoniaceae , native to tropical and subtropical regions of Central America , South America , Cuba , Hispaniola and the Bahamas .
Dilobos , which is believed to be the primitive form , has 31 species and is found primarily in southeastern Brazil including the Paraná River valley .
The anatomy of the wood in the two sections also differs .
Gichin Funakoshi ( 船越 義珍 , Funakoshi Gichin ?
, November 10 , 1868 - April 26 , 1957 ) is the founder of Shotokan Karate-Do , perhaps the most widely known style of karate , and is attributed as being the `` father of modern karate '' .
Many of his works can be found in Deutsches Historisches Museum , Akademie der Künste and the German Federal Archive .
He designed the masthead for the social democratic newspaper Dresdner Volkszeitung .
The German national picture archive of arts at the University of Marburg documents 34 of his posters from this time .
Friedrich Kurt Fiedler ( 8 March 1894 - 11 November 1950 ) was a German graphic designer and a representative of the Social Democratic Party .
Today , Fiedler is regarded as one of the leading poster artists of post-war East Germany .
Kurt Fiedler was born in the little village of Eichbusch near Dresden as son of a carpenter .
During World War I Fiedler was a front-line soldier in France .
Among his best known pieces of that period is Junkerland in Bauernhand , a film poster designed for the DEFA , which is also part of a permanent exhibition in Haus der Geschichte in Bonn .
From 1911 to 1915 Fiedler was supported by a grant to study as Meisterschüler ( master 's student ) of Richard Guhr and Josef Goller .
Fiedler received an award on occasion of the World Advertising Congress 1929 in Berlin .
Afterwards he became known for some of his drawings , especially of children .
Around 1910 he attended the evening classes of the Kunstgewerbeschule Dresden , together with Hermann Glöckner ( later a renowned painter ) and architect Edmund Schuchardt .
During the Weimar Republic he was acknowledged for his poster design , his book illustrations and his drawings .
The Dürerbundhaus was completely destroyed during the bombing of Dresden in World War II on 13 February 1945 .
He left the army in 1942 after political conflicts and because of poor health and earned his money with technical drawings at the Dresden University of Technology .
During World War II Kurt Fiedler served as translator in the prisoner of war camps at Niedergeorgenthal near Brüx and at Zeithain ( Stalag IV-B ) , which was erected by French prisoners of war from 1940 .
The oriental plane is found naturally in riverine settings , together with such trees as alder , willow and poplar .
Some accounts extend its native range to Iberia in the west , and to the Himalayas in the east .
However , it is quite capable of survival and success in dry soils once it is established .
Platanus orientalis , or oriental plane , is a large , deciduous tree of the Platanaceae family , growing to 30 m ( 98 ft ) or more , and known for its longevity and spreading crown .
The native range is Eurasia from the Balkans to at least as far east as Iran .
Following Greek usage it is called platane or related names in continental Europe .
Such rices have the ability to absorb liquids and to release starch and so they are stickier than the long grain varieties .
There are many different risotto recipes with different ingredients , but they are all based on rice of an appropriate variety cooked in a standard procedure .
They have slightly different properties .
Many variations have their own names :
Rice designations of Superfino , Semifino and Fino refer to the size and shape ( specifically the length and the narrowness ) of the grains , and not the quality .
When it has evaporated , the heat is raised to medium high and very hot stock is gradually added in small amounts while stirring gently , almost constantly : stirring loosens the starch molecules from the outside of the rice grains into the surrounding liquid , creating a smooth creamy-textured liquid .
It is one of the most common ways of cooking rice in Italy .
Other varieties like Roma , Baldo , Ribe and Originario may be used but will not have the creaminess of the traditional dish .
These varieties are considered better for soups and other non-risotto rice dishes and for making sweet rice desserts .
For example , Carnaroli is less likely than Vialone Nano to get overcooked , but the latter , being smaller , cooks faster and absorbs condiments better .
Properly cooked risotto is rich and creamy but still with some resistance or bite : al dente , and with separate grains .
The principal varieties used in Italy are Arborio , Baldo , Carnaroli , Maratelli , Padano , Roma , and Vialone Nano .
It must be eaten at once as it continues to cook in its own heat and can become too dry with the grains too soft .
It is served on flat dishes and it should easily spread out but not have excess watery liquid around the perimeter .
It may be removed from the heat a few minutes earlier , and left to cook with its residual heat .
The traditional texture is fairly fluid , or all ` onda ( `` wavy , or flowing in waves '' ) .
The rice is first cooked briefly in a soffritto of onion and butter or olive oil to coat each grain in a film of fat , called tostatura ; white or red wine is added and has to be absorbed by the grains .
There is even an Italian strawberry risotto .
Risotto can be made using many kinds of broth - vegetable , meat , poultry , seafood and legumes , and different types of wine may be used .
A high-starch ( amylopectin ) , low-amylose round medium - or short - grain white rice is usually used to make risotto .
The broth may be meat - , fish - , or vegetable-based .
Many types of risotto contain butter , wine and onion .
Risotto is normally a primo ( first course ) , served on its own before the main course , but risotto alla milanese , pronounced ( ɾiˈzɔtːo alːa milaˈneːze ) , is often served together with ossobuco alla milanese .
At that point it is taken off the heat for the mantecatura when diced cold butter is vigorously stirred in to make the texture as creamy and smooth as possible .
Carnaroli , Maratelli ( historical Italian variety ) and Vialone Nano are considered to be the best ( and most expensive ) varieties , with different users preferring one over another .
Risotto \/ rəˈzɒtoʊ , rəˈzoʊtoʊ \/ is an Italian rice dish cooked in broth to a creamy consistency .
The position of the hymenium is traditionally the first characteristic used in the classification and identification of mushrooms .
The hymenium is the tissue layer on the hymenophore of a fungal fruiting body where the cells develop into basidia or asci , which produce spores .
Below are some examples of the diverse types which exist amongst the macroscopic Basidiomycota and Ascomycota .
A line segment is a part of a line that is bounded by two distinct end points and contains every point on the line between its end points .
Marissa Rachael Nadler ( born April 5 , 1981 ) is an American singer-songwriter based in Boston .
Nadler released her third record , Songs III : Bird on the Water , on Peacefrog Records in Europe on March 12 , 2007 .
Nadler released her first official album , Ballads of Living and Dying , on Eclipse Records in January 2004 .
The album was released in the US and Canada on August 12 , 2007 by Kemado Records .
The follow-up , The Saga of Mayflower May , inspired by her breakup with Bear , was released in July 2005 .
Her Metropolitan Opera debut took place on November 14 , 1959 , as Violetta in La traviata , a part that would quickly become her signature role .
Moffo made her official operatic debut in 1955 in Spoleto as Norina in Don Pasquale .
Anna Moffo spent the last years of her life in New York City , where she died of a stroke at age 73 , following a decade-long battle with breast cancer .
During that period she also made several appearances on American television , while enjoying a successful international career singing at most major opera houses around the world ( Stockholm , Berlin , Monte Carlo , Mexico City , Buenos Aires , etc. ) .
After retiring from singing Moffo remained active in the opera community as a Board Member of the Metropolitan Opera Guild and by hosting several tributes and giving occasional masterclasses .
Anna Moffo ( June 27 , 1932 - March 9 , 2006 ) was an Italian-American opera singer , television personality , and award-winning dramatic actress .
In 1954 , on a Fulbright Program scholarship , she left for Italy to complete her studies at the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome where she was a pupil of Mercedes Llopart and Luigi Ricci .
Amy Meredith Poehler ( \/ ˈpoʊlər \/ ; born September 16 , 1971 ) is an American actress , comedian , voice artist , producer and writer .
Her father is of German , Irish , Portuguese , and English ancestry , and her mother is of Irish descent .
Poehler was raised in the Catholic faith .
She graduated from Burlington High School in 1989 .
Born in the Boston suburb of Newton , Massachusetts , to high school teachers Eileen Frances ( née Milmore ) and William Grinstead Poehler , Poehler grew up in nearby Burlington .
Poehler was a cast member on the NBC television show Saturday Night Live ( SNL ) from 2001 to 2008 .
He founded Korea University and Dong-A Ilbo .
Galileo used this system in his notebooks but never actually published it .
On January 7 , 1610 , Galileo wrote a letter containing the first mention of Jupiter 's moons .
In these observations , he discovered a fourth body , and also observed that the four were not fixed stars , but rather were orbiting Jupiter .
Galileo 's Sidereus Nuncius ( Starry Messenger ) , which announced celestial observations through his telescope , does not explicitly mention Copernican heliocentrism , a theory that placed the Sun at the center of the universe .
At the time , he saw only three of them , and he believed them to be fixed stars near Jupiter .
The discovery was announced in the Sidereus Nuncius ( `` Starry Messenger '' ) , published in Venice in March 1610 , less than two months after the first observations .
Galileo steadfastly refused to use Marius ' names and invented as a result the numbering scheme that is still used nowadays , in parallel with proper moon names .
Nevertheless , Galileo accepted the Copernican theory .
This allowed Galilei to discover in either December 1609 or January 1610 what came to be known as the Galilean moons .
At Cosimo 's suggestion , Galileo changed the name to Medicea Sidera ( `` the Medician stars '' ) , honoring all four Medici brothers ( Cosimo , Francesco , Carlo , and Lorenzo ) .
As a result of these discoveries , Galileo was able to develop a method of determining longitude based on the timing of the orbits of the Galilean moons .
More importantly , the discovery of celestial bodies orbiting something other than the Earth dealt a blow to the then-accepted Ptolemaic world system , which held that the Earth was at the center of the universe and all other celestial bodies revolved around it .
Other names put forward include : The names that eventually prevailed were chosen by Simon Marius , who discovered the moons independently at the same time as Galileo : he named them at the suggestion of Johannes Kepler after lovers of the god Zeus ( the Greek equivalent of Jupiter ) : Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto , in his Mundus Jovialis , published in 1614 .
The numbers run from Jupiter outward , thus I , II , III and IV for Io , Europa , Ganymede , and Callisto respectively .
Galileo 's discovery showed the importance of the telescope as a tool for astronomers by proving that there were objects in space that can not be seen by the naked eye .
In his dedicatory introduction , Galileo wrote : Galileo initially called his discovery the Cosmica Sidera ( `` Cosimo 's stars '' ) , in honor of Cosimo II de ' Medici ( 1590-1621 ) .
The Galilean moons are the four moons of Jupiter discovered by Galileo Galilei around January 1610 .
As a result of improvements Galileo Galilei made to the telescope , with a magnifying capability of 20 × , he was able to see celestial bodies more distinctly than was ever possible before .
Galileo 's discovery proved the importance of the telescope as a tool for astronomers by showing that there were objects in space to be discovered that until then had remained unseen by the naked eye .
A Chinese historian of astronomy , Xi Zezong , has claimed that a `` small reddish star '' observed near Jupiter in 362 BC by Chinese astronomer Gan De may have been Ganymede , predating Galileo 's discovery by around two millennia .
They are by far the largest of the moons of Jupiter and derive their names from the lovers of Zeus : Io , Europa , Ganymede , and Callisto .
Helen Adams Keller was born on June 27 , 1880 , in Tuscumbia , Alabama .
In 1904 , at the age of 24 , Keller graduated from Radcliffe , becoming the first deaf blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree .
Helen Keller was born with the ability to see and hear .
She died in her sleep on June 1 , 1968 , at her home , Arcan Ridge , located in Easton , Connecticut , a few weeks short of her eighty-eighth birthday .
At 19 months old , she contracted an illness described by doctors as `` an acute congestion of the stomach and the brain '' , which might have been scarlet fever or meningitis .
Red Dead Redemption is an open world game .
It is the second title in the Red Dead franchise , and is a spiritual successor to 2004 's Red Dead Revolver .
Red Dead Redemption makes use of a morality system where players have the ability to gain positive or negative honor .
This works in conjunction with another system , fame , which affects how people react based on Marston 's honor status .
Red Dead Redemption is a Western action-adventure video game set in an open world environment .
It is developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games .
The family name of Orsini was never used by the artist and it was adopted by his son , after the death of his father .
Machu Picchu was declared a Peruvian Historical Sanctuary in 1981 and a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 .
In 2007 , Machu Picchu was voted one of the New Seven Wonders of the World in a worldwide Internet poll .
Looptroop Rockers is a hip hop group from Västerås , Sweden .
Producers involved with its production included Jermaine Dupri , The Runners , Ester Dean , Polow da Don , RedOne , Jim Jonsin , Danja , Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis , Bangladesh and Tricky Stewart .
Nonetheless , the album earned Usher several awards , including Grammy Awards for Best Contemporary R&B Album and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance .
Raymond v. Raymond is the sixth studio album by American R&B recording artist Usher , released on March 26 , 2010 , by LaFace Records .
Usher promoted the album with a supporting international tour , OMG Tour , in 2011 .
The album also produced five singles that achieved chart success , including US hits `` Hey Daddy ( Daddy 's Home ) '' , `` Lil Freak '' , `` There Goes My Baby '' , and international hits `` OMG '' and `` More '' .
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart , selling 329,000 copies in its first week .
Raymond v. Raymond was ultimately released on March 30 , 2010 in the United States , and released on April 26 , 2010 in the United Kingdom .
It sold over one million copies in the United States and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) .
Scoutcraft is a term used to cover a variety of woodcraft knowledge and skills required by people seeking to venture into wild country and sustain themselves independently .
John Winston Ono Lennon , MBE ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 1940 - 8 December 1980 ) was an English musician , singer and songwriter who rose to worldwide fame as a founder member of rock group the Beatles , the most commercially successful band in the history of popular music .
The foreskin is attached to the glans by a frenulum .
In male human anatomy , the foreskin is a double-layered fold of smooth muscle tissue , blood vessels , neurons , skin , and mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and protects the urinary meatus when the penis is not erect .
The outside of the foreskin is a continuation of the skin on the shaft of the penis , but the inner foreskin is a mucous membrane like the inside of the eyelid or the mouth .
Instead they set up an Irish parliament , called Dáil Éireann , in Dublin .
The same year , he joined the Gaelic League , becoming a member of the governing body in 1910 and general secretary in 1915 .
During the Irish Civil War , O'Kelly was in jail until December 1923 .
He was a member of Dáil Éireann from 1918 until his election as President .
Afterwards he spent the next two years as a Sinn Féin envoy to the United States .
Seán Thomas O'Kelly ( Irish : Seán Tomás Ó Ceallaigh ; 25 August 1882 - 23 November 1966 ) was the second President of Ireland ( 1945-1959 ) .
He escaped from detention in Fairfield in Britain , and returned to Ireland .
Along with other Sinn Féin MPs he refused to take his seat in the British House of Commons .
He retired at the end of his second term in 1959 , to be replaced by his old mentor , Éamon de Valera .
O'Kelly joined the National Library of Ireland in 1898 as a junior assistant .
During his second term he visited many nations in Europe and addressed the United States Congress in 1959 .
However O'Kelly was not made Governor-General , the post instead going to the former Fianna Fáil TD , Domhnall Ua Buachalla from County Kildare , who would be the last Governor-General .
O'Kelly was elected Sinn Féin Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Dublin College Green in the 1918 general election .
O'Kelly left the cabinet in 1945 when he was elected President of Ireland in a popular vote of the people , defeating two other candidates .
Stunts such as withdrawing the Irish Army 's band from playing at diplomatic functions which the Governor-General attended , or in one notorious case the sight of O'Kelly and Defense Minister Frank Aiken storming out of a diplomatic function at the French Legation when McNeill , the guest of honor , had arrived , damaged O'Kelly 's reputation and image , particularly when the campaign backfired .
During this time he served as Minister for Local Government ( 1932-1939 ) and Minister for Finance ( 1939-1945 ) .
In 1906 he was elected to Dublin Corporation , and retained the seat until 1924 .
In 1926 when de Valera left Sinn Féin to found Fianna Fáil , O'Kelly returned to Ireland and was appointed a vice-president of the new republican party .
He became an honorary secretary of the movement from 1908 , remaining in the post until 1925 .
In 1932 , when de Valera , having won that year 's general election , was appointed President of the Executive Council ( prime minister of the Irish Free State ) he made O'Kelly his deputy as Vice-President of the Council .
O'Kelly was born in Dublin at 55 Wellington Street in the north inner-city Dublin .
His rise to the # 1 position took place in just over a week .
He was better known by his pseudonym geriatric1927 on the video sharing website YouTube .
By mid-2006 , Oakley was the most subscribed user on YouTube .
Oakley was later diagnosed with cancer which was too far advanced for treatment .
He posted his final video on 12 February 2014 , and died on the morning of 23 March 2014 .
Peter Oakley ( 20 August 1927 - 23 March 2014 ) was a pensioner from Bakewell , Derbyshire , England .
Blessed art thou amongst women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , for thou hast given birth to the Saviour of our souls .
Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners , now and at the hour of our death .
For translations from the Latin into various languages , see Wikisource .
In English : Hail Mary , full of grace , the Lord is with thee ; blessed art thou amongst women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , Jesus .
The Hail Mary prayer of the Eastern Orthodox Church and Eastern Catholic Churches is in the form : Θεοτόκε Παρθένε , χαῖρε , κεχαριτωμένη Μαρία , ὁ Κύριος μετὰ σοῦ .
The text also appears in the account of the annunciation contained in the apocryphal Infancy Gospel of Matthew , in chapter 9 .
The Western version of the prayer is thus not derived from the Greek version : even the earliest Western forms have no trace of the Greek version 's phrases : `` Mother of God and Virgin '' and `` for thou hast given birth to the Saviour of our souls . ''
It is also used by many other groups within the Catholic tradition of Christianity including Anglicans , Independent Catholics , and Old Catholics .
Another English rendering of the same text reads : Mother of God and Virgin , rejoice , Mary full of grace , the Lord is with thee .
To the greeting and praise of Mary of which the prayer thus consisted , a petition `` Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death .
There exist two variant versions in Church Slavonic : The first is the older , and remains in use by the Old Believers as well as those who follow the Ruthenian recension ( among them the Ukrainian Greek-Catholic Church and the Ruthenian Catholic Church ) .
The second , corresponding more closely to the Greek , appeared in 1656 under the liturgical reforms of Patriarch Nikon of Moscow , and is in use by the Russian Orthodox Church , the Serbian Orthodox Church , the Bulgarian Orthodox Church and the Ukrainian Orthodox Church ) .
The Dutch Jesuit St. Petrus Canisius is credited with adding in 1555 in his Catechism the sentence : Eleven years later , the sentence was included in the Catechism of the Council of Trent of 1566 .
It is typically sung thrice at the end of Vespers during an All-Night Vigil , as well as occurring many times in the course of daily prayer .
Accordingly , both `` Hail '' and `` Rejoice '' are valid English translations of the word ( `` Hail '' reflecting the Latin translation , and `` Rejoice '' reflecting the original Greek ) .
Grammatically , the word is the feminine present perfect passive voice participle of the verb χαριτόω , charitóō , which means `` to show , or bestow with , grace '' and , in the passive voice , `` to have grace shown , or bestowed upon , one . ''
Although it is not said quite as often as in the West , it is well known and often used and appears in several canons of prayer .
The first of the two passages from Saint Luke 's Gospel is the greeting of the Angel Gabriel to Mary , originally written in Koine Greek .
The prayer incorporates two passages from Saint Luke 's Gospel : `` Hail , full of grace , the Lord is with thee , '' and `` Blessed art thou amongst women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb . ''
This was the normal greeting in the language in which Saint Luke 's Gospel is written and continues to be used in the same sense in Modern Greek .
The Hail Mary , also commonly called the Ave Maria ( Latin ) or Angelic Salutation , is a traditional Christian prayer asking for the intercession of the Virgin Mary , the mother of Jesus .
The word κεχαριτωμένη , ( kecharitōménē ) , here translated as `` full of grace , '' admits of various translations .
In the Eastern Orthodox and Byzantine Rite Eastern Catholic churches , the prayer is very common in the Greek form indicated above , or in translations from it .
A mechanism of interplay between the Yarkovsky effect and nonlinear secular resonances ( primarily involving Jupiter and Saturn ) has been proposed .
It is named after Lund Observatory , Sweden .
Assuming an albedo similar to 4 Vesta ( around 0.4 ) suggests that the components are about 7 km across .
809 Lundia is a small , binary , V-type asteroid orbiting within the Flora family in the main belt .
They orbit each other in a period of 15.4 hours , which roughly indicates that the separation between them is very close : to the order of 10-20 km if typical asteroid albedo and density values are assumed .
It is not clear how it arrived at an orbit so far from Vesta , but other examples of V-type asteroids orbiting fairly far from their parent body are known .
The similarity of size between the two components is suspected because during mutual occultations the brightness drops by a similar amount independently of which component is hidden .
However , its V-type spectrum indicates that it is not genetically related to the Flora family , but rather is probably a fragment ( two fragments if one includes its moon ) ejected from the surface of 4 Vesta by a large impact in the past .
Hovenia dulcis , the oriental raisin tree , is a hardy tree found from Asia , over Eastern China ( 萬壽果 ) and Korea ( 헛개나무 ) to the Himalayas ( up to altitudes of 2,000 m ) , growing preferably in a sunny position on moist sandy or loamy soils .
At this point , the mother tries to force the infant to cease nursing , while the infant attempts to force the mother to continue .
Weaning conflict has been studied for a variety of mammal species , including primates and canines .
The infant is considered to be fully weaned once it no longer receives any breast milk ( or bottled substitute ) .
The Paleolithic is characterized by the use of knapped stone tools , although at the time humans also used wood and bone tools .
The small populations were then hunted out by Paleolithic humans .
The climate of the Paleolithic Period spanned two geologic epochs known as the Pliocene and the Pleistocene .
For example , the Mass in B minor is BWV 232 .
The Bach-Werke-Verzeichnis ( Bach Works Catalogue ) is the numbering system identifying compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach .
For more details see http:\/\/www.bach-cantatas.com\/Ref\/IndexRef-BC.htm Ordering the complete list of Bach 's compositions by opus number or by publication date were both out of the question : Bach did n't use opus numbers , and few of his works were published in his lifetime .
Predestination is the Divine foreordaining or foreknowledge of all that will happen ; with regard to the salvation of some and not others .
It has been particularly associated with the teachings of John Calvin .
Many of the original shorts can still be found on iTunes and TurboNick .
The show began as a series of shorts featured on CBC 's The Void and in-between shows on Nickelodeon .
Mr. Meaty got a great deal of criticism from vegetarians and parents who did n't like the gross-out humor .
Mr. Meaty is an American\/Canadian television series , airing on CBC Television in Canada and the Nicktoons in the United States .
It originally began in 2004 , as a series of interstitial shorts that aired on Nickelodeon .
Webern used his transcription for orchestra of the six-part ricercar from Bach 's The Musical Offering to analyze the structure of the Bach piece , by using different instruments to play different subordinate motifs of Bach 's themes and melodies .
The most widely known example of this is Ravel 's arrangement for orchestra of Mussorgsky 's piano piece Pictures at an Exhibition .
We found a ladder in his garden and stuck it up at the bathroom window which he 'd left slightly open .
I was the one who climbed up and got in . ''
Another Apple scruff , Margo Bird , remembers being good friends with McCartney - she would often take his dog for walks - and later got a job at Apple Corps .
A slower , ethereal version of this song , recorded during the Let It Be sessions , appears on Anthology 3 .
In the 2006 DVD documentary The Classic Artists Series : The Moody Blues ( DVD UK , released October 2006 ) , Mike Pinder , the former keyboard player of Birmingham R&B band The Moody Blues , states that the inspiration for the song actually rests with an incident that happened to them - a groupie climbing into an open bathroom window in the band 's home and spending the night with band member Ray Thomas .
The song was completed two days later with additional guitar and percussion .
`` She Came In Through the Bathroom Window '' is a song written by Paul McCartney ( although credited to Lennon-McCartney ) and performed by the Beatles on their album Abbey Road as the fifth song of the Abbey Road medley .
McCartney said the song was inspired by Apple scruffs ( dedicated fans who hung around outside the Abbey Road studio and the homes of the Beatles ) , who broke into McCartney 's St John 's Wood home .
On 28 July they added more vocals , guitar , percussion and piano .
She says that she was asked to retrieve a certain photograph , which she did .
The rhythm track was recorded by the Beatles for this and `` Polythene Pam '' as one piece on 25 July 1969 .
After take 39 , they added lead vocals , and re-recorded the drums and bass parts .
At the very beginning of the song , in anticipation of the change of tempo , John Lennon says `` well listen to that Mal ( referring to Mal Evans ) ... heh-heh '' and then shouts `` Oh , look out ! ''
The next day , Pinder and Thomas recounted the story to McCartney , who - guitar in hand - strummed and sang `` She came in through the bathroom window ... '' In 1976 , The Bee Gees covered the song for the musical documentary All This and World War II .
She then opened the front door to let the others in , and they raided his wardrobe for a pair of trousers , which they took turns wearing .
`` She Came In Through the Bathroom Window '' segues abruptly after `` Polythene Pam '' , the song on the preceding track , without pause .
Jessica Samuels , one of the groupie , says : `` We were bored , he was out and so we decided to pay him a visit .
The CCTV New Year 's Gala ( simplified Chinese : 中国中央电视台春节联欢晚会 ; traditional Chinese : 中國中央電視台春節聯歡晚會 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó zhōngyāng diànshìtái chūnjié liánhuān wǎnhuì ) , also known as the Spring Festival Gala and commonly referred to by the abbreviation Chunwan ( Chinese : 春晚 ; pinyin : Chūnwăn ) , is a Chinese New Year special produced by China Central Television .
The band has participated in the Melodifestivalen music contest four times : Both lead singer Mathias Holmgren and Magnus Carlsson have participated in Melodifestivalen as solo singers .
Chris Lindh replaced him , before leaving the band in 2007 .
The band has replaced lead singer three times .
First Magnus Carlsson left the group in 2002 and later became a member of the group Alcazar .
The current lead singer is Björn Lagerström .
Mathias Holmgren , a former Fame Factory student was the new lead singer , but was forced to leave the band in 2004 .
Dennis was the fourth named storm , second hurricane , and first major hurricane of the season .
The third season of Bad Girls Club premiered on December 2 , 2008 , on Oxygen .
In 75 AD , XII Fulminata was in Caucasus , where Emperor Vespasian had sent the legion to support the allied kingdoms of Iberia and Albania .
The last 7000 Udi live mostly in the village of Nij of the region of Qabala and Oguz ( former Vartashen ) , but a few can be found in the capital Baku .
Among the facts that strengthen this hypothesis are the military-topoghraphical map of Caucasus published in 1903 by Russian Administration which spells name of town as `` Romana '' , various Roman artefacts found in the Absheron region and also old inhabitants ' referring to the town as Romani .
Additionally , Ramana is positioned in an area perfectly suited for a Roman `` castrum '' to control nearby Baku ' s port , on the commercial sea route ( through the Caspian sea ) between the Caucasus and the Central Asia plains .
During the third Perso-Turkic War , the Khazars ( Gokturks ) invaded Albania , and their leader Ziebel declared himself Lord of Albania in 627 AD under the Roman Heraclius rule , levying a tax on merchants and the fishermen of the Kura and Araxes rivers , which was `` in accordance with the land survey of the kingdom of Persia '' .
Emperor Nero prepared in 67 AD a military expedition in the Caucasus : he wanted to defeat the barbarian Alans and conquer for Rome all the northern shores of the Black sea from actual Georgia-Azerbaijan to what is now Romania-Moldavia , but his death stopped it .
In 35 AD King Pharasmanes of Iberia and his brother Mithridates , with the support of Rome , confronted the Parthians in Armenia : the Albanians proved effective allies , contributing to the defeat and temporary eviction of the Parthians .
After Armenia under Roman influence adopted Christianity as its state religion ( 301 AD ) , the Caucasian Albanian king Urnayr went to the See of the Armenian Apostolic Church to receive baptism from St. Gregory the Illuminator , the first `` Patriarch of Armenia '' .
Christianity reached its golden age in the late fifth century under Vachagan the Pious ( ruled 487-510 AD ) , who launched a campaign - influenced by Byzantine priests - against idol worship in Caucasian Albania and discouraged Persian Zoroastrianism .
Some historians argue that the actual settlement of Ramana near Baku was possibly founded by the Roman troops of Lucius Julius Maximus from `` Legio XII Fulminata '' in the first century AD and derives its name from the Latin Romana .
But fifty years later Rome lost the area that since then remained an integral part of the Sassanian Empire for more than two centuries .
Christianity started to enter Caucasian Albania , according to Movses Kaghankatvatsi , as early as during the 1st century , exactly when Romans imposed their initial control on Albania .
A king of Albania appears in the list of dynasties whose ambassadors were received by Augustus .
But the Albanians , influenced by the Parthian Empire were not slow to revolt against Rome : in 36 BC Mark Antony found himself obliged to send one of his lieutenants to bring an end to their rebellion .
Despite the growth of Roman influence , Albania never ceased to remain in commercial and probably also cultural contact with Persia , but with Trajan in 114 AD Roman control over Caucasian Albania was nearly complete with top social levels fully romanized .
The first Christian church in the region was built by St. Eliseus , a disciple of Thaddeus of Edessa , at a place called Gis and is believed to be the modern-day `` Church of Kish '' .
During the reign of Roman emperor Hadrian ( 117-138 ) Albania was invaded by the Alans , an Iranian nomadic group .
This invasion promoted an alliance between Rome and the Albanians that was reinforced under Antoninus Pius in 140 AD .
Caucasian Albania was later conquered by the Arabs in 643 AD , during the Muslim conquest of Persia .
In the late sixth century the territory of Albania became again an arena of wars between Sassanian Persia and the Byzantine\/Eastern Roman Empire .
Pompey ensured the control of Albanians nearly reaching the Caspian sea before returning to Anatolia .
Sassanians occupied the area around 240 Ad but after a few years the Roman Empire regained control of Caucasian Albania .
Zober , who was then king of Albania , capitulated and Albania thus became - at least in name - a `` Roman protectorate '' , starting a condition of vassalage that lasted for nearly three centuries .
The Albanian kings retained their rule by paying tribute to the regional powers .
After the Muslim invasions of the seventh century the original Christians have nearly disappeared from actual Azerbaijan .
The presence of a detachment of the Legio XII Fulminata at a distance of some kilometers from the shores of the Caspian sea ( 69 km south of Baku ) is attested by an inscription drawn up between 83 and 96 AD in the reign of Domitian .
Indeed in 297 AD the Treaty of Nisibis stipulated the reestablishment of the Roman protectorate over Caucasian Iberia and Caucasian Albania .
Indeed in Azerbaijan , an inscription has been found which reads : IMP DOMITIANO CAESARE AVG GERMANICO LVCIVS IVLIVS MAXIMVS LEGIONIS XII FVL , Under imperator Domitian , Caesar , Augustus Germanicus , Lucius Julius Maximus , Legio XII Fulminata .
Successively Vespasian was determined to restore and reinforce the full authority of Rome in the Caucasus as far as the Caspian sea .
A later influence came from the Eastern Roman Empire when emperor Heraclius was able to take control of Caucasian Albania in 627 AD with help from the Gokturks during the Third Perso-Turkic War .
Indeed in 65 BC the Roman general Pompey , who had just subjugated Armenia and Iberia and had conquered Colchis , entered Caucasian Albania at the head of his army .
This influence started in the first century before Christ and lasted until around 250 AD .
There was an enduring relation of Caucasian Albania with Ancient Rome .
Actually the only remaining Caucasian Albanians are the Udi people , who maintain the Christian faith of their Roman influenced ancestors .
The Roman Empire controlled Caucasian Albania only as a vassal state , never fully incorporating it as it temporarily did with neighboring Armenia .
He clashed with the forces of Oroezes , king of Albania , and quickly defeated them .
But around 299 AD Albania was again briefly a Roman vassal state under Emperor Diocletian .
His second novel , Midnight 's Children ( 1981 ) , won the Booker Prize in 1981 .
Rushdie has three sisters .
Death threats were made against him , including a fatwā issued by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the Supreme Leader of Iran , on 14 February 1989 .
Potts was given the keepership of Skalme Park by King James in 1615 , to breed and train the king 's hounds .
Under questioning Grace readily admitted that her story was untrue , and said she had been told what to say by Jane Southworth 's uncle , Christopher Southworth aka Thompson , a Jesuit priest who was in hiding in the Samlesbury area ; Southworth was the chaplain at Samlesbury Hall , and Jane Southworth 's uncle by marriage .
On being asked by the judge what answer they could make to the charges laid against them , Potts reports that they `` humbly fell upon their knees with weeping teares '' , and `` desired him ( Bromley ) for Gods cause to examine Grace Sowerbutts '' .
Bromley then committed the girl to be examined by two JPs , William Leigh and Edward Chisnal .
Leigh and Chisnal questioned the three accused women in an attempt to discover why Southworth might have fabricated evidence against them , but none could offer any reason other than that each of them `` goeth to the ( Anglican ) Church '' .
Bromley achieved his desired promotion to the Midlands Circuit in 1616 .
Jane Southworth 's eldest son , Thomas , eventually inherited his grandfather 's estate of Samlesbury Hall .
Immediately `` the countenance of this Grace Sowerbutts changed '' ; the witnesses `` began to quarrel and accuse one another '' , and eventually admitted that Grace had been coached in her story by a Catholic priest they called Thompson .
In 1618 he was given responsibility for `` collecting the forfeitures on the laws concerning sewers , for twenty-one years '' .
One of the accused witches , Jane Southworth , was the widow of the disinherited son , John .
After the statements had been read out in court Bromley ordered the jury to find the defendants not guilty , stating that : Potts concludes his account of the trial with the words : `` Thus were these poore Innocent creatures , by the great care and paines of this honorable Judge , delivered from the danger of this Conspiracie ; this bloudie practice of the Priest laid open '' .
By the early 1590s , he was convinced that Scottish witches were plotting against him .
The case against the three women collapsed `` spectacularly '' when the chief prosecution witness , Grace Sowerbutts , was exposed by the trial judge to be `` the perjuring tool of a Catholic priest '' .
In early 1612 , the year of the trials , each justice of the peace ( JP ) in Lancashire was ordered to compile a list of the recusants in their area-those who refused to attend the services of the Church of England , a criminal offence at that time .
Jane Southworth ( née Sherburne ) and John were married in about 1598 , and the couple lived in Samlesbury Lower Hall .
Many historians , notably Hugh Trevor-Roper , have suggested that the witch trials of the 16th and 17th centuries were a consequence of the religious struggles of the period , with both the Catholic Church and the Protestant Church determined to stamp out what they regarded as heresy .
Since the death of Queen Mary and the accession to the throne of her half-sister Elizabeth in 1558 , Catholic priests had been forced into hiding , but in remote areas like Lancashire they continued to celebrate mass in secret .
The accused witches lived in Lancashire , an English county which , at the end of the 16th century , was regarded by the authorities as a wild and lawless region , `` fabled for its theft , violence and sexual laxity , where the church was honored without much understanding of its doctrines by the common people '' .
His 1597 book , Daemonologie , instructed his followers that they must denounce and prosecute any supporters or practitioners of witchcraft .
The trial of the Samlesbury witches is perhaps one clear example of that trend ; it has been described as `` largely a piece of anti-Catholic propaganda '' , and even as a show-trial , to demonstrate that Lancashire , considered at that time to be a wild and lawless region , was being purged not only of witches but also of `` popish plotters '' ( i.e. Catholics ) .
Thomas Potts , the clerk to the Lancaster Assizes , records that after hearing the evidence many of those in court were persuaded of the accused 's guilt .
James was , however , sceptical of the evidence presented in witch trials , even to the extent of personally exposing discrepancies in the testimonies presented against some accused witches .
The 16th-century English Reformation , during which the Church of England broke away from the authority of the pope and the Catholic Church , split the Southworth family of Samlesbury Hall .
Their trial at Lancaster Assizes in England on 19 August 1612 was one in a series of witch trials held there over two days , among the most famous in English history .
Jane had been widowed only a few months before her trial for witchcraft in 1612 , and had seven children .
In contrast , the others tried at the same assizes , who included the Pendle witches , were accused of maleficium - causing harm by witchcraft .
King James I , who came to the English throne from Scotland in 1603 , had a keen interest in witchcraft .
The trials were unusual for England at that time in two respects : Thomas Potts , the clerk to the court , published the proceedings in his The Wonderfull Discoverie of Witches in the Countie of Lancaster ; and the number of the accused found guilty and hanged was unusually high , ten at Lancaster and another at York .
The Samlesbury witches were three women from the Lancashire village of Samlesbury - Jane Southworth , Jennet Bierley , and Ellen Bierley - accused by a 14-year-old girl , Grace Sowerbutts , of practising witchcraft .
His eldest son , also called John , did convert to the Church of England , for which he was disinherited , but the rest of the family remained staunchly Catholic .
In 1604 , the year following James 's accession to the English throne , a new witchcraft law was enacted , `` An Act against Conjuration , Witchcraft and dealing with evil and wicked spirits '' , imposing the death penalty for causing harm by the use of magic or the exhumation of corpses for magical purposes .
Relations between John and his father do not seem to have been amicable ; according to a statement made by John Singleton , in which he referred to Sir John as his `` old Master '' , Sir John refused even to pass his son 's house if he could avoid it , and believed that Jane would probably kill her husband .
Sir John Southworth , head of the family , was a leading recusant who had been arrested several times for refusing to abandon his Catholic faith .
Samuel James `` Sam '' Champion ( born August 13 , 1961 ) is an American weather anchor who is best known for his combined 25-year career on the ABC flagship station WABC-TV and Good Morning America .
Champion was born in Paducah , Kentucky , to Sylvia and James H. Champion .
He has a B.A. in broadcast news from Eastern Kentucky University , and interned at WKYT-TV in Lexington , Kentucky .
Champion is active in many charitable organizations in the New York City area .
On April 7 , 2012 , he debuted as host of Sea Rescue , an educational and informational program in Litton 's Weekend Adventure that focuses on the rescue , rehabilitation , and in many instances release of animals back into wildlife .
Champion and his partner of several years , Rubem Robierb , announced on October 5 , 2012 , that they were engaged .
He hosted the New York City Project 's 2002 `` Courage Awards , '' along with movie critic Frank DeCaro .
It was released in the United States on February 6 , 1943 .
Set in Latin America , it is made up of four different segments ; Donald Duck stars in two of them and Goofy stars in one .
It also features the first appearance of José Carioca , the Brazilian cigar smoking parrot .
Saludos Amigos premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24 , 1942 .
This film features four different segments , each of which begin with various clips of the Disney artists roaming the country , drawing cartoons of some of the local cultures and scenery .
Saludos Amigos was popular enough that Walt Disney decided to make another film about Latin America , The Three Caballeros , to be produced two years later .
Saludos Amigos ( Hello , Friends in English ) is a 1942 animated feature package film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures .
On January 2 , 1847 , his story `` Fourth of July , 1776 '' appeared in Saturday Review magazine .
It arrived in Philadelphia in August 1752 .
Isaac Norris , speaker of the Pennsylvania Provincial Assembly , gave orders to the colony 's London agent , Robert Charles , to obtain a `` good Bell of about two thousands pound weight '' .
The bell became famous after an 1847 short story claimed that an aged bell-ringer rang it on July 4 , 1776 , upon hearing of the Second Continental Congress 's vote for independence .
Beginning in 1885 , the City of Philadelphia , which owns the bell , allowed it to go to various expositions and patriotic gatherings .
Bells were rung to mark the reading of the Declaration of Independence on July 8 , 1776 , and while there is no contemporary account of the Liberty Bell ringing , most historians believe it was one of the bells rung .
The original bell hung from a tree behind the Pennsylvania State House ( now known as Independence Hall ) and was said to have been brought to the city by its founder , William Penn. .
Formerly placed in the steeple of the Pennsylvania State House ( now renamed Independence Hall ) , the bell was commissioned from the London firm of Lester and Pack ( today the Whitechapel Bell Foundry ) in 1752 , and was cast with the lettering ( part of Leviticus 25:10 ) `` Proclaim LIBERTY throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof . ''
The Liberty Bell is an iconic symbol of American independence , located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The last such journey occurred in 1915 , after which the city refused further requests .
It acquired its distinctive large crack sometime in the early 19th century-a widespread story claims it cracked while ringing after the death of Chief Justice John Marshall in 1835 .
In its early years , the Liberty Bell was used to summon lawmakers to legislative sessions and to alert citizens to public meetings and proclamations .
Nevertheless , between 120,000 and 140,000 people were able to pass by the open casket and then the bell , carefully placed at Lincoln 's head so mourners could read the inscription , `` Proclaim Liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof . ''
The story was widely reprinted and closely linked the Liberty Bell to the Declaration of Independence in the public mind .
In 1751 , with a bell tower being built in the Pennsylvania State House , civic authorities sought a bell of better quality , which could be heard at a greater distance in the rapidly expanding city .
The bell attracted huge crowds wherever it went , additional cracking occurred and pieces were chipped away by souvenir hunters .
It originally cracked when first rung after arrival in Philadelphia , and was twice recast by local workmen John Pass and John Stow , whose last names appear on the bell .
Millard Fillmore ( January 7 , 1800 - March 8 , 1874 ) was the 13th President of the United States ( 1850-1853 ) , the last Whig President , and the last President not to be affiliated with either the Democratic or Republican parties .
During the exile of Rizal , The organization became inactive , through the efforts of Domingo Franco and Andres Bonifacio , it was reorganized .
The Liga membership split into two groups : the conservatives formed the Cuerpo de Compromisarios which pledged to continue supporting the La Solidaridad while the radicals led by Bonifacio devoted themselves to a new and secret society , the Katipunan .
The mountain was named after Sir William Edmond Logan , a Canadian geologist and founder of the Geological Survey of Canada ( GSC ) .
Temperatures are extremely low on and near Mount Logan .
Minimal snow melt leads to a significant ice cap , reaching almost 300 m ( 984 ft ) in certain spots .
Mount Logan is located within Kluane National Park and Reserve in southwestern Yukon and is the source of the Hubbard and Logan Glaciers .
Mount Logan is the highest mountain in Canada and the second-highest peak in North America , after Mount McKinley ( Denali ) .
On the 5,000 m high plateau , air temperature hovers around − 45 ° C ( − 49 ° F ) in the winter and reaches near freezing in summer with the median temperature for the year around − 27 ° C ( − 17 ° F ) .
Logan is believed to have the largest base circumference of any non-volcanic mountain on Earth ( a large number of shield volcanoes are much larger in size and mass ) , with the massif containing eleven peaks over 5,000 metres ( 16,400 ft ) .
Pernell Elven Roberts , Jr. ( May 18 , 1928 - January 24 , 2010 ) was an American stage , movie and television actor , as well as a singer .
In 1979 , Roberts again achieved `` superstar '' status ( TV Guide , 1982 ) as the lead in Trapper John , M.D. ( 1979-86 ) , receiving an Emmy nomination in 1981 ; and playing the character twice as long as Wayne Rogers had ( 1972-1975 ) on the CBS M \* A \* S \* H series .
For example , a written C on a B ♭ clarinet sounds a concert B ♭ .
Afterwards , Cena began beating up Tarver and Young and then took Tarver 's Nexus armband .
Sheamus used the interference to win the title from John Cena .
Cena revealed his team one by one ; the members were Edge , John Morrison , R-Truth , The Great Khali , Chris Jericho and Bret Hart .
However , Sheamus and Cena were able to hold them off and escape , with Sheamus winning .
At Money in the Bank , Nexus attempted to get involved in the WWE Championship match involving Sheamus and John Cena in a steel cage by breaking the door .
Cena refused and said that he would take them all down at SummerSlam , and that he had found some help to do it .
After that , Barrett and Nexus asked Cena to join them .
During the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view , Nexus interfered in the main event for the WWE Championship , attacking all the wrestlers involved .
Nexus was then defeated in the main event of the show in a ten-man tag team match by Edge , Del Rio , Big Show , Kane and Kofi Kingston .
On the January 17 edition of Raw , Mason Ryan joined Nexus , interfering in a match between Punk and Cena .
However , even after apologizing for their actions , Nexus continued their hostile attacks , including one on McMahon who tried to take credit for Nexus ' actions .
At SummerSlam , Nexus were defeated by Team WWE , featuring a returning Daniel Bryan ( who joined Team WWE as a surprise member after Nexus had injured Khali ) , and eliminated both Young and Slater .
Barrett revealed that this group was going to form no matter who wound up winning NXT , stating that the seven of them had formed a `` Nexus '' and had a common goal they all fought to have accomplished .
The following week Barrett rehired Cena in exchange for a Chairs match at TLC : Tables , Ladders & Chairs .
On the July 19 edition of Raw , Nexus continued their attacks on the Raw roster by first attacking Edge and then Chris Jericho , after the two longtime rivals attempted to manipulate the group against each other .
However , the referee on the outside of the cage threw the key into the crowd and took the tool that Tarver tried to use to break in .
At Bragging Rights , Nexus won their first titles in the WWE when David Otunga and John Cena defeated WWE Tag Team Champions Cody Rhodes and Drew McIntyre to win the titles .
During the same night Barrett revealed that Husky Harris and Michael McGillicutty had become official members of Nexus .
After Cena openly declared that he would destroy Nexus from within by fighting them even though he was now a member , the mystery GM stated that Cena had to honor the stipulations of the PPV match , and since he is now a member of Nexus , he must take orders from Wade Barrett or he will be fired .
On the October 25 episode of Raw , Heath Slater and Justin Gabriel won the Tag Team Championship , after beating Otunga and Cena in a match in which Barrett ordered Otunga to lie down and be pinned .
Later on in the same night , the group helped Kane defeat The Undertaker in his Buried Alive match , for reasons which have yet to be explained .
At WrestleMania XXVII , Randy Orton defeated CM Punk , but was unable to punt him in the skull , thus leaving CM Punk as the only active member of the New Nexus .
Later on in the show , Barrett defeated Mark Henry in a singles match .
They then tried to climb up and get involved .
They then served as lumberjacks for the main event of the evening , between John Cena and Kane .
On the April 25 edition of Raw , at the WWE draft , Orton was drafted to SmackDown and beat Punk at Extreme Rules 2011 thus ending his feud with New Nexus .
On the 900th episode of Raw Nexus defeated John Cena , Edge , Chris Jericho , Sheamus and Randy Orton in a 5 on 5 elimination match , after Gabriel hit Cena with the 450-splash for the third time , pinning him a second time , while Barrett dropped and pinned Randy Orton .
At Hell in a Cell Barrett and Cena faced each other in a match with the stipulation that if Barrett won , Cena would have to join Nexus , and if Cena won or Nexus got involved , the group would be disbanded .
The match came down to Cena and Barrett , where Barrett ordered Cena to eliminate himself .
Barrett managed to win the match , following interference from Husky Harris and Michael McGillicutty .
In a live event in Hawaii on Aug 18 , 2010 at the Blaisdell Arena , Skip Sheffield broke his ankle during a tag match where he teamed with Otunga against the Hart Dynasty , putting him out for months , thus leaving only five active members of Nexus remaining .
On the December 6 episode of Raw , Slater and Gabriel lost their WWE Tag Team Championships against the team of Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov in a Fatal 4-Way Tag Team Elimination Match , following an interference from Cena .
Earlier on in the night the group also attacked The Undertaker with help from Kane .
Raw general manager Bret Hart declined the demand and fired Barrett .
The group participated in the 2011 Royal Rumble but were eliminated by John Cena ( aside from Harris who was eliminated by The Great Khali ) , this finally ended the feud between Cena and The Nexus .
Barrett did n't approve Otunga 's decision to lead Nexus to SmackDown and as a result forced him to defend his spot in the group a week later .
Later the same night , Cena informed Nexus that his attacks on them may stop , however attacks on Barrett would continue .
On the November 12 edition of SmackDown Otunga defeated Edge in a lumberjack match , after an interference from Kane , to keep his spot in Nexus .
CM Punk was revealed to be the new leader , acquiring the position after Barrett lost a Steel Cage match against Randy Orton and Sheamus , in which he would lose his status as leader and be exiled from Nexus should he lose the match .
The seven losers of the competition were left without a job , and Barrett immediately began performing on the Raw brand .
The Nexus ( later renamed New Nexus ) was a heel professional wrestling stable in the professional wrestling promotion , WWE , that competed on its Raw brand .
On January 10 , 2011 , Justin Gabriel and Heath Slater left the group , after refusing to follow CM Punk 's orders of initiation by hitting each other with kendo sticks , to join Barrett and Ezekiel Jackson on SmackDown !
On November 5 Otunga , who had been questioning Barrett 's leadership in the past weeks , led Gabriel , Harris , McGillicutty and Slater to an invasion of SmackDown , interrupting a match between Edge and Alberto Del Rio .
In the main event of the night Cena defeated Orton via disqualification , this time caused by Barrett , who then as a result was allowed to select his own special guest referee for his WWE Championship match against Orton at Survivor Series .
On December 19 at TLC : Tables , Ladders & Chairs , Cena defeated Barrett in the main event of the evening , after attacking all the other members of Nexus throughout the event .
While almost all the members of Nexus won their respective matches , Darren Young failed to defeat John Cena in the main event and was not only kicked out of Nexus , but attacked by the group following his loss .
Wanting the attacks to stop , Nexus ( excluding McGillicutty , who was ( kayfabe ) injured after being attacked the previous week by Cena ) threatened to eject leader Wade Barrett from the group if he did not get Cena rehired the following week .
In the main event of the pay-per-view , Barrett beat Orton in a WWE Championship match via disqualification , caused by John Cena , thus not winning the title .
At the Royal Rumble , The New Nexus cost Randy Orton the WWE Championship .
When Hart then ordered the whole Raw roster to stand guard at the ringside and stage areas during the main event , Nexus attacked Hart backstage by forcing him into a limousine and crashing it into other vehicles .
Barrett chose Cena and declared that if he does n't win the title at the pay-per-view , Cena will be fired , but if he does , Cena will be relieved of all of his responsibilities to Nexus .
Paul Michael Glaser ( born March 25 , 1943 ) is an American actor and director perhaps best known for his role as Detective David Starsky on the 1970s television series , Starsky and Hutch .
He also directed episodes of several well-known TV series , including Miami Vice , Robbery Homicide Division and Judging Amy .
After the series , Glaser continued to act on television and in films , and directed the 1987 movie The Running Man starring Arnold Schwarzenegger as well as the 1992 movie The Cutting Edge .
The ultraparallel theorem states that there is a unique line in the hyperbolic plane that is perpendicular to each of a given pair of ultraparallel lines .
In 1868 , Eugenio Beltrami provided models of it , and used this to prove that hyperbolic geometry was consistent if Euclidean geometry was .
There are four models commonly used for hyperbolic geometry : the Klein model , the Poincaré disc model , the Poincaré half-plane model , and the Lorentz model , or hyperboloid model .
Lobachevsky published in 1830 , while Bolyai independently discovered it and published in 1832 .
These models define a real hyperbolic space which satisfies the axioms of a hyperbolic geometry .
In Euclidean geometry , the `` angle of parallelism '' is a constant ; that is , any distance between parallel lines yields an angle of parallelism equal to 90 ° .
The term `` hyperbolic geometry '' was introduced by Felix Klein in 1871 .
In the nineteenth century , hyperbolic geometry was extensively explored by János Bolyai and Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky , after whom it sometimes is named .
In this article , the two limiting lines are called asymptotic and lines sharing a common perpendicular are called ultraparallel ; the simple word parallel may apply to both .
Their attempts failed , but their efforts gave birth to hyperbolic geometry .
Thus , as distances get smaller , the hyperbolic plane behaves more and more like Euclidean geometry .
Because there is no precise hyperbolic analog to Euclidean parallel lines , the hyperbolic use of parallel and related terms varies among writers .
In hyperbolic geometry , the angle of parallelism varies with the Π ( p ) function .
Carl Friedrich Gauss also studied hyperbolic geometry , describing in an 1824 letter to Taurinus that he had constructed it , but did not publish his work .
This function , described by Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky , produces a unique angle of parallelism for each distance p = .
Symmetrically , the line y that forms the same angle θ between PB and itself but clockwise from PB will also be asymptotic .
Thus we have this modified form of the parallel postulate : In hyperbolic geometry , given any line R , and point P not on R , there are exactly two lines through P which are asymptotic to R , and infinitely many lines through P ultraparallel to R. The differences between these types of lines can also be looked at in the following way : the distance between asymptotic lines shrinks toward zero in one direction and grows without bound in the other ; the distance between ultraparallel lines ( eventually ) increases in both directions .
An interesting property of hyperbolic geometry follows from the occurrence of more than one line parallel to R through a point P , not on R : there are two classes of non-intersecting lines .
Indeed , on small scales compared to , where K is the ( constant ) Gaussian curvature of the plane , an observer would have a hard time determining whether the environment is Euclidean or hyperbolic .
Despite their names , the first three mentioned above were introduced as models of hyperbolic space by Beltrami , not by Poincaré or Klein .
Let B be the point on R such that the line PB is perpendicular to R. Consider the line x through P such that x does not intersect R , and the angle θ between PB and x counterclockwise from PB is as small as possible ; i.e. , any smaller angle will force the line to intersect R. This is called an asymptotic line in hyperbolic geometry .
Models have been constructed within Euclidean geometry that obey the axioms of hyperbolic geometry , thus proving that the parallel postulate is independent of the other postulates of Euclid .
The parallel postulate in Euclidean geometry is equivalent to the statement that , in two-dimensional space , for any given line R and point P not on R , there is exactly one line through P that does not intersect R ; i.e. , that is parallel to R. In hyperbolic geometry there are at least two distinct lines through P which do not intersect R , so the parallel postulate is false .
The only two lines asymptotic to R through P are x and y. All other lines through P not intersecting R , with angles greater than θ with PB , are called ultra-parallel ( or disjointly parallel ) to R. Notice that since there are an infinite number of possible angles between θ and 90 ° , and each one will determine two lines through P and disjointly parallel to R , there exist an infinite number of ultraparallel lines .
In mathematics , hyperbolic geometry ( also called Lobachevskian geometry or Bolyai-Lobachevskian geometry ) is a non-Euclidean geometry , meaning that the parallel postulate of Euclidean geometry is replaced .
Their works on hyperbolic geometry had a considerable influence on its development among later European geometers , including Witelo , Gersonides , Alfonso , John Wallis and Saccheri .
The theorems of Alhacen , Khayyam and al-Tusi on quadrilaterals , including the Ibn al-Haytham-Lambert quadrilateral and Khayyam-Saccheri quadrilateral , were the first theorems on hyperbolic geometry .
As the distance gets shorter , Π ( p ) approaches 90 ° , whereas with increasing distance Π ( p ) approaches 0 ° .
The measure of the enclosed n ball is : A number of geometers made attempts to prove the parallel postulate by assuming its negation and trying to derive a contradiction , including Proclus , Ibn al-Haytham ( Alhacen ) , Omar Khayyám , Nasir al-Din al-Tusi , Witelo , Gersonides , Alfonso , and later Giovanni Gerolamo Saccheri , John Wallis , Johann Heinrich Lambert , and Legendre .
They soon split into cat-like and dog-like forms ( Feliformia and Caniformia ) .
EMI-Columbia released The Piper at the Gates of Dawn in August 1967 .
Pink Floyd were an English rock band that achieved international acclaim with their progressive and psychedelic music .
Cricket was also included as an Olympic sport at the 1900 Paris Games , where Great Britain defeated France to win the gold medal .
The World Cricket League ( administered by the International Cricket Council ) is the qualification system provided to allow the Associate and Affiliate members of the ICC more opportunities to qualify .
In the early 1960s , English county cricket teams began playing a shortened version of cricket which only lasted for one day .
Starting in 1962 with a four-team knockout competition known as the Midlands Knock-Out Cup , and continuing with the inaugural Gillette Cup in 1963 , one-day cricket grew in popularity in England .
With the return of South Africa in 1992 after the ending of the apartheid boycott , nine teams played each other once in the group phase , and the top four teams progressed to the semi-finals .
The first One-Day International event was played on the fifth day of a rain-aborted Test match between England and Australia at Melbourne in 1971 , to fill the time available and as compensation for the frustrated crowd .
A new format was used for the 1999 and 2003 World Cups .
Qualifying tournaments were introduced for the second World Cup , where two of the eight places in the finals were awarded to the leading teams in the ICC Trophy .
Winners of the quarter-finals will play semi-finals and the winning semi-finalists will play in the final .
However , the first credited Test match was played in 1877 between Australia and England , and the two teams competed regularly for The Ashes in subsequent years .
The first ever international cricket match was played between Canada and the United States , on the 24 and 25 September 1844 .
A national Sunday League was formed in 1969 .
Since 1992 , one player has been declared as `` Man of the Tournament '' at the end of the World Cup finals : Previously , there was no tournament award , although Man of the Match awards have always been given for individual matches .
The last format used in the 2007 World Cup , features 16 teams allocated into four groups of four .
To date the award has always gone to a member of the winning side .
The success and popularity of the domestic one-day competitions in England and other parts of the world , as well as the early One-Day Internationals , prompted the ICC to consider organising a Cricket World Cup .
The One Day International playing nations automatically enter the final qualification tournament , the World Cup Qualifier , along with other nations who have qualified through separate competitions .
Representative cricket teams were selected to tour each other , resulting in bilateral competition .
The `` Super 8 '' teams play the other six teams that progressed from the different groups .
The top two teams from each group move forward to the Super 8 round .
Winning the Man of the Match in the final is logically noteworthy , as this indicates the player deemed to have played the biggest part in the World Cup final .
The top four teams from the `` Super 6 '' stage progressed to the semi-finals , with winners playing in the final .
The Man of the Match award in the final of the competition has been awarded to :
The top four teams from each group will proceed to the knock out stage playing quarter-finals .
This was the only appearance of cricket at the Summer Olympics .
The number of teams selected through the ICC Trophy has varied throughout the years ; currently , six teams are selected for the Cricket World Cup .
The name `` ICC Trophy '' has been changed to `` ICC World Cup Qualifier '' .
South Africa was admitted to Test status in 1889 .
Teams earn points for wins and half-points for ties .
The top four teams from each group progressed to quarter-finals and semi-finals .
The winners of the semi-finals played against each other in the final .
It was a forty over match with eight balls per over .
Each of the first four tournaments was played by eight teams , divided into two groups of four .
The `` Super 6 '' teams played the three other teams that advanced from the other group .
The four teams in each group played each other in the round-robin group stage , with the top two teams in each group progressing to the semi-finals .
India and Sri Lanka between them have made it to the finals of all World Cup tournaments in this millennium The Test-playing nations qualify automatically for the World Cup main event , while the other teams have to qualify through a series of preliminary qualifying tournaments .
The event is organised by the sport 's governing body , the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) , with preliminary qualification rounds leading up to a finals tournament which is held every four years .
Process summary in chronological order : The format of the Cricket World Cup has changed greatly over the course of its history .
There , competition comprised two stages , a group stage and a knock-out stage .
The top four teams from the `` Super 8 '' round advance to the semi-finals , and the winners of the semi-finals play in the final .
The teams were split into two pools , with the top three teams in each pool advancing to the Super 6 .
In subsequent years , international Test cricket has generally been organised as bilateral series : a multilateral Test tournament was not organised again until the quadrangular Asian Test Championship in 1999 .
Teams earned points in the same way as the group stage , but carrying their points forward from previous matches against the other teams who qualified from the same group to the `` Super 8 '' stage .
The ICC Cricket World Cup is the international championship of One Day International ( ODI ) cricket .
The first multilateral competition at international level was the 1912 Triangular Tournament , a Test cricket tournament played in England between all three Test-playing nations at the time : England , Australia and South Africa .
As they advanced , the teams carried their points forward from previous matches against other teams advancing alongside them , giving them an incentive to perform well in the group stages .
Within each group , the teams play each other in a round-robin format .
Within each group , the teams will play in a round-robin format .
The tournament was further expanded in 1996 , with two groups of six teams .
Split into two pools of seven teams each , the top four teams from each group qualified for the quarter-finals .
Early in the summer of 1908 , after his release from jail , he wrote the story of the Modern School .
In 1901 he returned to Spain and opened the Escuela Moderna ( The Modern School ) to teach middle-class children ( then ) radical social values .
The first and most notable Modern School was formed in New York City in 1911 , and then later a community was founded around a school , known as Ferrer Colony and Modern School .
His school failed and closed while he was incarcerated .
The work was entitled The Origins and Ideals of the Modern School and was translated into English by Joseph McCabe and published by the Knickerbocker Press in 1913 .
Francesc Ferrer i Guàrdia ( 10 January 1859 - 13 October 1909 ) ( known as Francisco Ferrer y Guardia in Spanish and often simply as Francisco Ferrer ) was a Spanish free-thinker and anarchist .
He was born in Alella ( a small town near Barcelona ) to Roman Catholic parents .
Shortly after his execution , numerous supporters of Ferrer 's ideas in the United States formed what were called Modern Schools , or Ferrer Schools , modeled after la Escuela Moderna .
Following the declaration of martial law in 1909 during the Tragic Week , he was arrested and , having been found guilty after a lengthy trial , executed by firing squad at Montjuich Fortress in Barcelona on 13 October .
Divorcing in 1899 , he remarried a wealthy Parisian teacher shortly thereafter .
In 1906 he was arrested on suspicion of involvement with Mateu Morral 's attack on King Alfonso XIII and released uncharged over a year later .
A neutron star has a mass comparable to that of the Sun , but as it is only about 10 km ( 6 mi ) in radius , it has an average density 1 quadrillion times that of water .
Other neutron stars are formed within close binaries .
The surface of the neutron star is made of iron .
Over time , neutron stars slow down ( spin down ) because their rotating magnetic fields radiate energy ; older neutron stars may take several seconds for each revolution .
Such spin rates are expected if the core of the original star collapses without loss of angular momentum - if the original star has a magnetic field , then this too may be conserved and concentrated in the collapse to a neutron star .
Neutron stars which emit such pulses are called pulsars .
In particular , a nucleus is held together by the strong interaction , whereas a neutron star is held together by gravity .
Since 2006 Edmondson has concentrated increasingly on music instead of acting , forming band The Bad Shepherds and performing and writing for the Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band .
Adrian Charles Edmondson sometimes known as Ade Edmondson ( born 24 January 1957 ) is a British comedian , actor , writer , musician , television presenter and director .
Edmondson , the second of four children , was born in Bradford , West Riding of Yorkshire .
He lives in Devon and London .
Edmondson has been married to fellow comedian Jennifer Saunders since 1985 and they have three daughters and two grandchildren .
After World War I , Bohemia became part of the new Czechoslovakia , and Bohemian athletes competed for Czechoslovakia at the Olympics .
After the 1992 Summer Olympics and the dissolution of Czechoslovakia into the Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993 , Bohemian athletes competed for the Czech Republic at the Olympics .
The team made its debut at the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Bohemia , an autonomous part of Austria-Hungary until 1918 , competed at some of the early modern Olympic Games .
If these post-war appearances are counted , Bohemia has missed only three Olympics : the inaugural 1896 Summer Olympics , the 1904 Summer Olympics ( the first held outside Europe ) and the boycotted 1984 Summer Olympics .
Retaining structures include earth-filled dams and retaining walls .
Geotechnical engineering is the branch of civil engineering concerned with the engineering behavior of earth materials .
Foundations built for above-ground structures include shallow and deep foundations .
The UNESCO `` Statement of Significance '' describes the statue as a `` masterpiece of the human spirit '' that `` endures as a highly potent symbol-inspiring contemplation , debate and protest-of ideals such as liberty , peace , human rights , abolition of slavery , democracy and opportunity . ''
In 1903 , a bronze tablet that bears the text of `` The New Colossus '' and commemorates Emma Lazarus was presented by friends of the poet .
It is accompanied by a tablet given by the Emma Lazarus Commemorative Committee in 1977 , celebrating the poet 's life .
A plaque on the copper just under the figure in front declares that it is a colossal statue representing Liberty , designed by Bartholdi and built by the Paris firm of Gaget , Gauthier et Cie ( Cie is the French abbreviation analogous to Co. ) .
In 1984 , the Statue of Liberty was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Until the 1986 renovation , it was mounted inside the pedestal ; today it resides in the Statue of Liberty Museum in the base .
There is a tablet placed by the New York committee that commemorates the fundraising done to build the pedestal .
Two Americans-Pulitzer and Lazarus-and three Frenchmen-Bartholdi , Laboulaye , and Eiffel-are depicted .
They are the work of Maryland sculptor Phillip Ratner .
A presentation tablet , also bearing Bartholdi 's name , declares the statue to be a gift from the people of the Republic of France that honors `` the Alliance of the two Nations in achieving the Independence of the United States of America and attests their abiding friendship . ''
A group of statues stands at the western end of the island , honoring those closely associated with the Statue of Liberty .
There are several plaques and dedicatory tablets on or near the Statue of Liberty .
Stephen Collins Foster ( July 4 , 1826 - January 13 , 1864 ) , known as the `` father of American music '' , was an American songwriter primarily known for his parlor and minstrel music .
Foster was buried in the Allegheny Cemetery in Pittsburgh .
The guppy ( Poecilia reticulata ) , also known as million fish and rainbow fish , is one of the world 's most widely distributed tropical fish , and one of the most popular freshwater aquarium fish species .
The size of guppies vary , but males are typically 1.5-3 .5 centimetres ( 0.6-1 .4 in ) long , while females are 3-6 centimetres ( 1.2-2 .4 in ) long .
The 1966 FIFA World Cup , the eighth staging of the World Cup , was held in England from 11 to 30 July .
England beat West Germany 4-2 in the final , winning the World Cup .
With this victory England became the third host to win the tournament after Uruguay in 1930 and Italy in 1934 , and to date it is the only major championship England has won .
Art Pepper ( September 1 , 1925 - June 15 , 1982 ) , born Arthur Edward Pepper , Jr. , was an American alto saxophonist and clarinetist .
Some of Pepper 's most famous albums from the 1950s are Art Pepper Meets the Rhythm Section , Art Pepper + Eleven - Modern Jazz Classics , Gettin ' Together , and Smack Up .
Along with Chet Baker , Gerry Mulligan and Shelly Manne , and perhaps due more to geography than playing style , Pepper is often associated with the musical movement known as West Coast jazz , as contrasted with the East Coast ( or `` hot '' ) jazz associated with the likes of Charlie Parker , Dizzy Gillespie and Miles Davis .
`` Rays have been known to store sperm and not give birth until they decide the timing is right '' .
Some stingrays ' mouths contain two powerful , shell-crushing plates , while other species only have sucking mouthparts .
At the Sea Life London Aquarium , two female stingrays have delivered seven baby stingrays , although the mothers have not been near a male for two years .
Coral reefs are favorite feeding grounds and are usually shared with sharks during high tide .
Stingrays settle on the bottom while feeding , often leaving only their eyes and tail visible .
The female holds the embryos in the womb without a placenta .
Stingrays are ovoviviparous , bearing live young in `` litters '' of five to 13 .
Instead , the embryos absorb nutrients from a yolk sac , and after the sac is depleted , the mother provides uterine `` milk '' .
Stingrays feed primarily on molluscs , crustaceans , and occasionally on small fish .
A few members of the suborder , such as the manta rays and the porcupine ray , do not have stingers .
Stingrays are a group of rays , which are cartilaginous fishes related to sharks .
The stinger may reach a length of approximately 35 cm ( 14 in ) , and its underside has two grooves with venom glands .
The flattened bodies of stingrays allow them to effectively conceal themselves in their environment .
Stingrays do this by agitating the sand and hiding beneath it .
The stinger is covered with a thin layer of skin , the integumentary sheath , in which the venom is concentrated .
Because their eyes are on top of their bodies and their mouths on the undersides , stingrays can not see their prey ; instead , they use smell and electroreceptors ( ampullae of Lorenzini ) similar to those of sharks .
Most stingrays have one or more barbed stingers ( modified from dermal denticles ) on the tail , which are used exclusively in self-defense .
Stingrays are common in coastal tropical and subtropical marine waters throughout the world , and also includes species found in warmer temperate oceans , such as Dasyatis thetidis , and those found in the deep ocean , such as Plesiobatis daviesi .
This field overlaps with other areas of biology and chemistry , particularly genetics and biochemistry .
Molecular biology chiefly concerns itself with understanding the interactions between the various systems of a cell , including the interactions between the different types of DNA , RNA and protein biosynthesis as well as learning how these interactions are regulated .
Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques native to molecular biology but increasingly combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry .
There is not a defined line between these disciplines .
As of the early 2000s , the study of gene structure and function , molecular genetics , has been among the most prominent sub-field of molecular biology .
For their achievements Cornell , Wieman , and Wolfgang Ketterle at MIT received the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physics .
As of June 2006 , Stripped had sold over 12 million copies worldwide .
Stripped is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Christina Aguilera , released on October 25 , 2002 by RCA Records .
Therefore , a cryptographic hash function should behave as much as possible like a random function while still being deterministic and efficiently computable .
Most cryptographic hash functions are designed to take a string of any length as input and produce a fixed-length hash value .
The ideal cryptographic hash function has four main properties : Cryptographic hash functions have many information security applications , notably in digital signatures , message authentication codes ( MACs ) , and other forms of authentication .
A cryptographic hash function is a hash function that takes an arbitrary block of data and returns a fixed-size bit string , the cryptographic hash value , such that any ( accidental or intentional ) change to the data will ( with very high probability ) change the hash value .
A stroke , sometimes referred to as a cerebrovascular accident ( CVA ) , cerebrovascular insult ( CVI ) , or colloquially brain attack is the loss of brain function due to a disturbance in the blood supply to the brain .
A stroke is a medical emergency and can cause permanent neurological damage or death .
As a result , the affected area of the brain can not function normally , which might result in an inability to move one or more limbs on one side of the body , failure to understand or formulate speech , or a vision impairment of one side of the visual field .
The earliest known butterfly fossils date to the mid Eocene epoch , 40-50 million years ago .
These prolegs have rings of tiny hooks called crochets that help them grip the substrate .
Butterflies are a chiefly diurnal group of the order Lepidoptera ( which also includes moths ) .
Some caterpillars have the ability to inflate parts of their head to appear snake-like .
Butterflies may have one or more broods per year .
Other butterflies may lay their eggs in the spring and have them hatch in the summer .
New Line Film Productions Inc. , often simply referred to as New Line Cinema , is an American film studio .
Robert Shaye and Michael Lynne said that they would step down with a letter to their employees .
Thank you for using the Article Wizard !
are verifiable by other editors Sources are ( nearly ) everything Your topic might be notable , but without good references , nobody else can review it and agree with you , or verify the information in your article .
When you feel your article is ready , please consider using this wizard again ( just go back to the beginning ) ; alternatively , you can create a draft whilst you get the article ready ( see below ) .
If you 'd like to try to find the reliable sources needed for your proposed article , these links may help : This wizard is under active development .
Although your proposed article might not be ready now , it could possibly be improved with some work .
The key thing you 'll need is ( more ) reliable sources , which are also independent of the subject .
In any case , we encourage you to continue to participate in the project in other ways , such as working on improving existing articles .
Vladimir Aleksandrovich Teplyakov ( Russian : Владимир Александрович Тепляков ) ( November 6 , 1925 - December 10 , 2009 ) was a Russian physicist best known for his work on particle accelerators .
From 1959 to 1966 he worked at Chelyabinsk-70 , where he studied high-current proton linear accelerators .
After the war , he graduated from the All-Union Correspondence Polytechnic Institute in Moscow and got a job at the Institute of Chemical Physics of the Soviet Academy of Sciences .
He , working with I.M. Kapchinsky , invented the principle of the Radio Frequency Quadrupole ( RFQ ) , which revolutionized the acceleration of low energy ion beams .
He was drafted into the Red Army in January 1943 to fight in the Second World War , serving as part of the 3rd Ukrainian Front , and participated in the Vienna Offensive .
V.A. Teplyakov was born in Tambov , Russian SFSR , USSR , on November 6 , 1925 .
Backpacking is a form of low-cost , independent international travel .
Saxony is divided into 10 districts : 1 .
These lands became the Prussian province of Saxony , incorporated today in Saxony-Anhalt .
Aromatherapy is a form of alternative medicine that uses volatile plant materials , known as essential oils , and other aromatic compounds for the purpose of altering a person 's mind , mood , cognitive function or health .
Boult was followed in 1932 by Reginald Jacques , who had been a pupil of Hugh Allen at Oxford .
Founded in 1876 to give the first performance of J. S. Bach 's Mass in B minor in Britain , The Bach Choir has long been established as one of the world 's leading choirs .
From the beginning there had been a connection with royalty and Queen Victoria became patron in 1879 .
In addition to his Bach Choir appointment , he is also chief conductor of the BBC Singers .
The Bach Choir is a large independent musical organization based in London , UK , with around 220 active members .
Goldschmidt resigned in 1885 to be replaced by Stanford , organist of Trinity College , Cambridge and conductor of the Cambridge University Musical Society , who had recently been appointed professor of composition at the Royal College of Music .
Allen inherited a choir that included Ralph Vaughan Williams and later Adrian Boult among the singing members .
It is home to many hedge funds and other financial service companies .
The town of Greenwich was settled in 1640 .
Money magazine in 2006 also ranked Greenwich # 1 in the `` Biggest Earner '' category .
One of the founders was Elizabeth Fones Winthrop , daughter-in-law of John Winthrop , founder and Governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
Greenwich \/ ˈɡrɛnɨtʃ \/ is a town in Fairfield County , Connecticut , United States .
Greenwich is the southernmost and westernmost municipality in Connecticut and is 38 + minutes by train ( express ) from Grand Central Terminal in Manhattan .
As of the 2010 census , the town had a total population of 61,171 .
The town is named after Greenwich , a borough of London in the United Kingdom .
In July 2005 , CNN\/Money and Money magazine ranked Greenwich 1st on its list of the 100 Best Places to Live in the United States .
Greenwich was declared a township by the General Assembly in Hartford on May 11 , 1665 .
Island Beach or `` Little Captain Island '' once was the venue for the town 's annual Island Beach Day .
Coordinates : 45 ° 4 ′ 14 ″ N 7 ° 41 ′ 16 ″ E \/ 45.07056 ° N 7.68778 ° E \/ 45.07056 ; 7.68778 The Teatro Regio ( ` Royal Theatre ' ) is a prominent opera house and opera company in Turin , Italy .
An acoustic shell was added to improve its sound .
Arturo Toscanini was the conductor of the Turin Opera from 1895 to 1898 , during which time several production of works of Wagner were given Italian premieres .
It remained closed for thirty-seven years .
Other theaters were built and presented seasons of opera in Turin .
With the French occupation of Turin during the Napoleonic War the theater was renamed the Teatro Nazionale and finally , after Napoleon 's ascent to Emperor , renamed again as the Teatro Imperiale .
Among them was the restored Teatro Carignano in 1824 .
The rebuilt theater , with its striking contemporary interior design but hidden behind the original facade , was inaugurated on 10 April 1973 with a production of Verdi 's I Vespri Siciliani directed by Maria Callas and Giuseppe Di Stefano .
It too was acquired by the municipality in 1932 and , after the destruction by fire of the Teatro Regio in 1936 , the Carignano was to serve as the main venue for opera in the city until the Regio reopened in 1973 .
However , the theater was closed on royal order in 1792 and it became a warehouse .
The new house seats 1,750 and is elliptical in shape with a large orchestra level and 37 boxes around its perimeter .
Work was completed in 1905 but the theater closed during the First World War and re-opened in 1919 .
The thesis was proposed by Jim O'Neill , global economist at Goldman Sachs .
The acronym was coined by Jim O'Neill in a 2001 paper entitled `` Building Better Global Economic BRICs '' .
It is typically rendered as `` the BRICs '' or `` the BRIC countries '' or `` the BRIC economies '' or alternatively as the `` Big Four '' .
Cha Tae-hyun ( born March 25 , 1976 ) is a South Korean actor and singer .
Cha Tae-hyun started his career as a silver medalist in a 1995 KBS Talent Contest .
Nearly all chimpanzee populations have been recorded using tools , modifying sticks , rocks , grass , and leaves and use them for acquiring honey , termites , ants , nuts , and water .
The species has also been found creating sharpened sticks to spear Senegal bushbabies out of small holes in trees .
The common chimpanzee is listed on the IUCN Red List as an endangered species .
The common chimpanzee lives in groups which range in size from 15 to 150 members , although individuals travel and forage in much smaller groups during the day .
The biggest threats to the common chimpanzee are habitat destruction , poaching and disease .
Between 170,000 and 300,000 individuals are estimated across its range in the forests and savannahs of West and Central Africa .
Its gestation period is eight months .
The infant is weaned at about three years old , but usually maintains a close relationship with its mother for several more years ; it reaches puberty at the age of eight to 10 , and its lifespan in captivity is about 50 years .
It is considered more robust than the bonobo , weighing between 40 and 65 kg ( 88 and 143 lb ) and measuring approximately 1.3 to 1.6 m ( 4 ft 3 in to 5 ft 3 in ) from head to tail .
The species lives in a male-dominated , strict hierarchy , which means disputes can generally be settled without the need for violence .
The common chimpanzee ( Pan troglodytes ) , also known as the robust chimpanzee , is a species of great ape .
Colloquially , the common chimpanzee is often called the chimpanzee ( or `` chimp '' ) , though this term can be used to refer to both species in the genus Pan : the common chimpanzee and the closely related bonobo , formerly called the pygmy chimpanzee .
Evidence from fossils and DNA sequencing show both species of chimpanzees are the sister group to the modern human lineage .
Formed in 1918 immediately after World War I as the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes by union of the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs and the Kingdom of Serbia .
Various dates are considered the end of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia : As the Yugoslav Wars raged through Croatia and Bosnia , the republics of Serbia and Montenegro , which remained relatively untouched by the war , formed a rump state known as the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( FRY ) in 1992 .
The constituent six Socialist Republics and two Socialist Autonomous Provinces that made up the country were SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SR Croatia , SR Macedonia , SR Montenegro , SR Slovenia , and SR Serbia ( including the autonomous provinces of Vojvodina and Kosovo , which after 1974 were largely equal to the other members of the federation ) .
Bank and Monument are interlinked London Underground and Docklands Light Railway stations that form a public transport complex spanning the length of King William Street in the City of London .
Because of the Winter Olympics break , there was no NHL All-Star Game for 2010 .
A mid-season break from February 15 to February 28 occurred to allow participation of NHL players in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
It ran from October 1 , 2009 , including four games in Europe on October 2 and 3-until April 11 , 2010 , with the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs , all the way up to early June 2010 .
The 2009-10 NHL season was the 93rd season of operation ( 92nd season of play ) of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , and the 100th season since the founding of the predecessor National Hockey Association ( NHA ) .
GP = Games Played , W = Wins , L = Losses , OTL = Overtime\/Shootout Losses , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against , Pts = Points bold - Qualified for playoffs ; y - Won division p - Won Presidents ' Trophy ( and division ) bold - Qualified for playoffs ; y - Won division ; p - Won Presidents ' Trophy ( and division ) AT - Atlantic Division , NE - Northeast Division , SE - Southeast Division bold - Qualified for playoffs ; y - Won division ; z - Won conference ( and division ) If two or more clubs are tied in points during the regular season , the ranking of the clubs is determined in the following order :
The ward refers to itself in English as Chūō City .
Chūō is physically the second-smallest ward in Tokyo , with a total area of just 10.15 km ² ; only Taitō is smaller .
Its name is a reference to the Iranian government 's repeated attempts to jam foreign satellite programming .
However , as of January 2011 , the show 's YouTube channel is viewed 45,000 times a week , while their Facebook page is visited 17 million times a month .
Parazit ( Persian : پارازیت , pārāzit , meaning `` static '' ) was a weekly half-hour Persian-language satirical television show broadcast on Voice of America 's Persian service .
Kambiz Hosseini and Saman Arbabi , Iranian expatriates living in Washington , DC , started the show as a 10-minute segment in another show influenced by the American satirical news show The Daily Show .
Parazit was launched before the June 2009 presidential elections in Iran .
Because it is distributed through unofficial channels , it is impossible to determine the audience .
Venda , also known as Tshivenḓa or Luvenḓa , is a Bantu language and an official language of South Africa .
The letters C , J and Q are used only in quoting foreign words and names .
During the Apartheid era of South Africa , the bantustan of Venda was set up to cover the Venda speakers of South Africa .
The majority of Venda speakers live in the northern part of South Africa 's Limpopo Province , but about 10 % of its speakers live in Zimbabwe .
The Venda language is related to Kalanga ( Western Shona , different from Shona , official language of Zimbabwe ) which is spoken in Botswana and Zimbabwe .
There are only a handful of tone patterns in Venda words-no tone , a single high tone on some syllable , two non-adjacent high tones-which behave as follows : The extra letters have the following Unicode names
The Venda language uses the Latin alphabet with five additional accented letters-there are four dental consonants with circumflex below the letter ( ḓ , ḽ , ṋ , ṱ ) and an overdot for velar ṅ .
He was part of the Feyenoord squad that won the 2001-02 UEFA Cup .
In his first two seasons at Feyenoord he played 44 matches and scored four goals .
2011 he went from NAC Breda to FC Red Bull Salzburg on loan .
Leonardo Vitor Santiago ( born 9 March 1983 ) , commonly known as Leonardo , is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Hungarian side Ferencváros .
Leonardo started at the Nova Safra football school in Rio de Janeiro and was raised in the Jacarezinho neighborhood , which is also the area where Romário spent his early years .
He scored his first goal in the match versus SC Heerenveen , which ended in 2-0 .
He felt his final breakthrough in Rotterdam would never happen and he decided to leave the club and join NAC Breda in January 2006 on a 1.5-year deal .
Following the attention it brought him he moved to Rotterdam to play in Feyenoord 's youth squads at Varkenoord .
Some scholars identify him with King San in the Book of Song .
was the 17th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
King San sent messengers to the Song Dynasty at least twice in 421 and 425 .
Emperor Richū ( 履中天皇 , Richū-tennō ? )
According to Nihonshoki and Kojiki , Richū was the eldest son of Emperor Nintoku and Iwanohime .
-571 AD ) , the 29th emperor , is the first for which contemporary historiography is able to assign verifiable dates ; however , the conventionally accepted names and dates of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of Emperor Kammu ( 737-806 ) , the 50th sovereign of the Yamato dynasty .
None of his sons succeeded to the throne , although two grandsons would eventually ascend as Emperor Kenzō and as Emperor Ninken .
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 400 to 405 .
Prince Semien Fielder ( born May 9 , 1984 ) is an American professional baseball player for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball .
Fielder was again called up to the Majors on August 17 , 2005 , and went on to finish the season with the Brewers , where he was used as a pinch-hitter .
He has also played for the Milwaukee Brewers and Detroit Tigers .
Fielder had a good September .
His godparents are Prince Bertil , Duke of Halland , Prince Leopold of Bavaria , Queen Margrethe II of Denmark , and Princess Birgitta of Sweden .
Prince Carl Philip , Duke of Värmland ( Carl Philip Edmund Bertil ; born 13 May 1979 ) , is the only son and the second of three children of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden .
The Duke was christened at the Royal Palace Church on 31 August 1979 .
As of 2013 ( update ) , Prince Carl Philip is third in the line of succession , after his older sister , Crown Princess Victoria , and his niece and goddaughter Princess Estelle .
The high jump is a track and field event in which competitors must jump over a horizontal bar placed at measured heights without the aid of certain devices .
Javier Sotomayor ( Cuba ) is the current men 's record holder with a jump of 2.45 m ( 8 ft 01⁄4 in ) set in 1993 , the longest standing record in the history of the men 's high jump .
The first recorded high jump event took place in Scotland in the 19th century .
Stefka Kostadinova ( Bulgaria ) has held the women 's world record at 2.09 m ( 6 ft 101⁄4 in ) since 1987 , also the longest-held record in the event .
A year later , construction of the Walt Disney World Resort began in Florida .
Arundel Disney was a descendant of Robert d'Isigny , a Frenchman who had traveled to England with William the Conqueror in 1066 .
He died on December 15 , 1966 , from lung cancer in Burbank , California .
His great-grandfather , Arundel Elias Disney , had emigrated from Gowran , County Kilkenny , Ireland where he was born in 1801 .
With the d'Isigny name anglicized as `` Disney '' , the family settled in a village now known as Norton Disney , south of the city of Lincoln , in the county of Lincolnshire .
As an animator and entrepreneur , Disney was particularly noted as a film producer and a popular showman , as well as an innovator in animation and theme park design .
Disney also won seven Emmy Awards and gave his name to the Disneyland and Walt Disney World Resort theme parks in the U.S. , as well as the international resorts like Tokyo Disney Resort , Disneyland Paris , and Hong Kong Disneyland .
During his lifetime he received four honorary Academy Awards and won 22 Academy Awards from a total of 59 nominations , including a record four in one year , giving him more awards and nominations than any other individual in history .
A major figure within the American animation industry and throughout the world , he is regarded as an international icon , well known for his influence and contributions to the field of entertainment during the 20th century .
He and his staff created some of the world 's most well-known fictional characters including Mickey Mouse , for whom Disney himself provided the original voice .
His brother , Roy Disney , inaugurated the Magic Kingdom on October 1 , 1971 .
The corporation is now known as The Walt Disney Company and had an annual revenue of approximately US$ 45 billion in the 2013 financial year .
Walter Elias `` Walt '' Disney ( \/ ˈdɪzni \/ ; December 5 , 1901 - December 15 , 1966 ) was an American business magnate , animator , cartoonist , producer , director , screenwriter , philanthropist and voice actor .
Disney was born on December 5 , 1901 , at 2156 N. Tripp Avenue in Chicago 's Hermosa community area to Irish-Canadian father Elias Disney and Flora Call Disney , who was of German and English descent .
A long-standing urban legend maintains that Disney was cryonically frozen , and that his frozen corpse was stored beneath the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disneyland , but Disney 's remains were cremated on December 17 , 1966 , and his ashes interred at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale , California .
As a Hollywood business mogul , he , along with his brother Roy O. Disney , co-founded Walt Disney Productions , which later became one of the best-known motion picture production companies in the world .
FIFA , also known as FIFA Football or FIFA Soccer , is a series of association football video games or football simulator , released annually by Electronic Arts under the EA Sports label .
The series has sold more than 100 million copies worldwide , making it one of the best-selling video game franchises .
Some states require that schools conduct a fire drill once per month : Some states require that schools conduct a specific number of drills over the course of the entire school year , or that a certain number of drills must be conducted within a certain period of time : Some states specify a greater frequency of fire drills at the beginning of the school year : Until regulations changed on November 1 , 2010 , New Jersey was unique in its requirement that schools conduct two fire drills per month .
Claims for the earliest definitive evidence of control of fire by a member of Homo range from 0.2 to 1.7 million years ago ( Mya ) .
The site was dated through radiocarbon dating to be at 61,000 BP and 110,000 BP through amino acid racemization .
Fire was used to heat treat silcrete stones to increase their workability before they were knapped into tools by Stillbay culture .
Burnt stones are also found in the Awash Valley , but volcanic welded tuff is also found in the area .
This research identifies this not only with Stillbay sites that date back to 72,000 BP but sites that could be as old as 164,000 BP .
Several burnt bones were found among Acheulean tools , bone tools , and bones with hominid-inflicted cut marks .
The earliest definitive evidence of human control of fire was found at Swartkrans , South Africa .
Evidence for the controlled use of fire by Homo erectus beginning some 400,000 years ago has wide scholarly support , with claims regarding earlier evidence finding increasing scientific support .
The strongest evidence comes from Kalambo Falls in Zambia where several artifacts related to the use of fire by humans had been recovered including charred logs , charcoal , reddened areas , carbonized grass stems and plants , and wooden implements which may have been hardened by fire .
Making fire also allowed the expansion of human activity into the dark and colder hours of the night , and provided protection from predators and insects .
East African sites , such as Chesowanja near Lake Baringo , Koobi Fora , and Olorgesailie in Kenya , show some possible evidence that fire was utilized by early humans .
In Gadeb , Ethiopia , fragments of welded tuff that appeared to have been burned were found in Locality 8E , but re-firing of the rocks might have occurred due to local volcanic activity .
Some microscopic charcoal was found , but it could have resulted from a natural brush fire .
The control of fire by early humans was a turning point in the cultural aspect of human evolution that allowed humans to cook food and obtain warmth and protection .
These features are thought to be burned tree stumps such that they would have fire away from their habitation site .
Reheating these sherds show that the clay must have been heated to 400 ° C ( 752 ° F ) to harden .
This site also shows some of the earliest evidence of carnivory in H. erectus .
These have been found amongst H. erectus-produced Acheulean artifacts .
At Chesowanja , archaeologists found red clay sherds dated to be 1.42 Mya .
Toothpaste , which often contains fluoride , is commonly used in conjunction with a toothbrush to increase the effectiveness of tooth brushing .
Many trees in temperate zones make one growth ring each year , with the newest adjacent to the bark .
Alternating poor and favorable conditions , such as mid summer droughts , can result in several rings forming in a given year .
Thus wood from ancient structures can be matched to known chronologies ( a technique called cross-dating ) and the age of the wood determined precisely .
Following these tree-ring patterns from living trees back through time , chronologies can be built up , both for entire regions , and for sub-regions of the world .
These patterns can be compared and matched ring for ring with trees growing in the same geographical zone and under similar climatic conditions .
A drought year may result in a very narrow one .
Trees from the same region will tend to develop the same patterns of ring widths for a given period .
Currently , the maximum for fully anchored chronologies is a little over 11,000 years from present .
Adequate moisture and a long growing season result in a wide ring .
Missing rings are rare in oak and elm trees-the only recorded instance of a missing ring in oak trees occurred in the year 1816 , also known as the Year Without a Summer .
For the entire period of a tree 's life , a year-by-year record or ring pattern is formed that reflects the climatic conditions in which the tree grew .
Dendrochronology was developed during the first half of the 20th century originally by the astronomer A. E. Douglass , the founder of the Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research at the University of Arizona .
In some areas of the world , it is possible to date wood back a few thousand years , or even many thousands .
Dendrochronology can date the time at which tree rings were formed , in many types of wood , to the exact calendar year .
Dendrochronology ( from δένδρον , dendron , `` tree limb '' ; χρόνος , khronos , `` time '' ; and - λογία , - logia ) or tree-ring dating , is the scientific method of dating based on the analysis of patterns of tree rings , also known as growth rings .
Douglass sought to better understand cycles of sunspot activity and reasoned that changes in solar activity would affect climate patterns on earth which would subsequently be recorded by tree-ring growth patterns ( i.e. , sunspots → climate → tree rings ) .
Francesco Maria Piave ( born 18 May 1810 - died 5 March 1876 ) was an Italian opera librettist who was born in Murano in the lagoon of Venice , during the brief Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy .
Later , Verdi was help in securing him the same position at La Scala in Milan .
Piave became `` someone Verdi loved '' .
Cockburn Town is home to the Turks & Caicos National Museum , which is housed in the colonial-era Guinep House , on Front Street .
The town is known for its long , narrow streets and old street lamps .
The seat of government ever since 1766 , Cockburn Town was the first permanent settlement on any of the islands , founded in 1681 by salt collectors who arrived in the Turks and Caicos Islands .
The museum also maintains a garden , which is adjacent to the Guinep House .
The city supposedly lies on the place where Juan Ponce de León first landed on the island .
Cockburn Town is located on the largest island in the Turks Islands archipelago , Grand Turk Island .
Other exhibits detail the history of the Lucayans , the Space Race , Turks and Caicos postage stamps , slavery and the history of the slave trade , the sisal and salt industries , royal events , as well as a general history of the islands .
Also of interest are the museum 's research projects , including its Message in a Bottle Project , recording nearly 40 years ' worth of messages to wash upon the shores of Grand Turk .
The site was donated to the Museum in 1990 .
Cockburn Town ( \/ ˈkoʊbərn \/ KOH-bərn ) is the capital city of the Turks and Caicos Islands .
Historic 18th and 19th century Bermudian architecture line Duke and Front Streets in the town .
The closest anchorage to Cockburn Town is Hawk 's Nest Anchorage , which , though sheltered , should only be entered in good light because of reefs near the entrance .
From the northwest going clockwise , Thuringia borders on the German states of Lower Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt , Saxony , Bavaria and Hesse .
Its capital is Erfurt .
They are also prized as an important source of raw materials for organic synthesis , and as constituents of incense and perfume .
Amber is a hard fossilized resin from ancient trees .
However , by July he was without a seat in Parliament , and the party turned to Federal Senators Patrick Lynch , Hugh de Largie and George Pearce for leadership and guidance .
Hughes had taken over as leader of the Australian Labor Party and Prime Minister of Australia when anti-conscriptionist Andrew Fisher resigned in 1915 .
The National Labor Party had to depend on support from the Commonwealth Liberal Party , led by another Labor dissident , Joseph Cook .
The National Labor Party was never formally constituted a party and had no organisational structure , although some trade union officials and Labor Party branches , particularly in Western Australia and Tasmania , supported it .
Hughes and his followers formed a minority Government .
Hughes held a pro-conscription stance in relation to World War I. On 15 September 1916 the executive of the Political Labor League ( the Labor Party organization in New South Wales at the time ) expelled Hughes from the Labor Party .
The National Labor Party was formed by Australian Prime Minister Billy Hughes in 1916 .
Believing the Labor Party was no longer sufficiently nationalist , they began laying the groundwork for a new party that would be both socially radical and nationalist .
The National Labor movement in Western Australia started off as two separate groups-one known as the Labor Solidarity Committee based out of Trades Hall in Perth , and the other known as National Labor and based on the goldfields .
The two merged in April-May 1917 , with former Premier John Scaddan as their leader .
The party scored six of 50 Assembly seats in each of the 1917 and 1921 elections , and held three of 30 Council seats during this period .
In 1917 , Hughes and Cook turned their confidence-and-supply agreement into a formal party , the Nationalist Party of Australia , with Hughes as leader .
When the Federal Parliamentary Labor caucus met on 14 November 1916 , lengthy discussions ensued until Hughes walked out with 24 other Labor members and the remaining ( 43 ) members of Caucus then passed their motion of no confidence in the leadership , effectively expelling Hughes and the other members .
Thus , he advocates the usage of both `` Hmong '' and `` Mong '' when referring to the entire ethnic group .
The White Miao ( Bai Miao ) and Green Miao ( Qing Miao ) are Hmong groups .
Some non-Chinese Hmong advocate that the term Hmong be used not only for designating their dialect group , but also for the other Miao groups living in China .
As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 12,225 .
Most of the city is in Gwinnett County , which is part of the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Marietta Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Buford is a city in Gwinnett and Hall counties in the U.S. state of Georgia .
The portions of the city in Hall County are not part of Atlanta 's metropolitan statistical area , but are part of Atlanta 's larger Combined Statistical Area , which includes Hall County .
The city was named after Algernon Sidney Buford , who was president of the Atlanta and Richmond Air-Line Railway during the railroad 's construction .
Buford is located in both northern Gwinnett county and southern Hall county in northern Georgia and is a suburb of the Atlanta metropolitan area .
Buford was incorporated as the Town of Buford on August 24 , 1872 , and the name was changed to the City of Buford in 1896 .
Bona Allen saddles were available through the Sears mail order catalog , and many Hollywood actors used saddles made by the Bona Allen Company , including cowboy actors Gene Autry , the cast of Bonanza , and Roy Rogers , who used a Bona Allen saddle on his horse Trigger .
George Armstrong Custer ( December 5 , 1839 - June 25 , 1876 ) was a United States Army officer and cavalry commander in the American Civil War and the Indian Wars .
It was as a staff officer for Major General George B. McClellan that Custer was promoted to the rank of captain .
At the time when Hitler joined the party there were no membership numbers or cards .
The German Workers ' Party ( German : Deutsche Arbeiterpartei , abbreviated DAP ) was the short-lived predecessor of the Nazi Party ( German : Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei , abbreviated NSDAP ) .
Hitler accepted on September 12 , 1919 , becoming the party 's 55th member .
Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories is the second game in the Kingdom Hearts series .
It was developed by Square Enix 's fifth Product Development Division , based in Osaka , and released as the second disc of Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix + in Japan on March 29 , 2007 and as a standalone title in North America on December 2 , 2008 .
Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories was remade for the PlayStation 2 , titled Kingdom Hearts Re : Chain of Memories .
Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories takes place directly after the ending of the first game , Kingdom Hearts .
Baltix can run directly from its live-CD , without installation to a computer 's permanent storage ( hard disk , solid state drive , etc. ) , but also can be installed into a computer 's Linux or Windows partition ( s ) .
The first public versions of Baltix were released in 2003 and were based on Knoppix Live CD and Debian software packages , and later , on the Morphix Live CD framework .
It uses the GNOME desktop environment ( also Ubuntu Unity user interface is included since 2011 ) and is distributed as an installable Live CD .
The main language is Lithuanian .
Baltix is an operating system for Lithuanian and Latvian people , based on Debian and Ubuntu .
The largest mortars ever developed were the French `` Monster Mortar '' ( 36 French inches ; 975 mm ; developed by Henri-Joseph Paixhans in 1832 ) , Mallet 's Mortar ( 36 inches ; 910 mm ; designed by Robert Mallet and tested by the Woolwich Arsenal , London , in 1857 ) and the `` Little David '' ( 36 inches ; 914.4 mm ; developed in the United States for use in World War II ) .
The Provisional Irish Republican Army used some of the best-known examples during the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s .
Heavy mortars are typically between 120 - and 300-mm calibre .
Conversely , a large example is the Soviet 2S4 M1975 Tyulpan ( tulip flower ) 240 mm self-propelled mortar .
Prime Minister John Major had to move to Admiralty House while repairs were effected .
A mortar can be carried by one or more people ( larger mortars can usually be broken down into components ) , or transported in a vehicle .
The largest types came to be known as `` barracks busters '' and were usually constructed from heavy steel piping mounted on a steel frame .
All three mortars had a caliber of 36 `` inches '' , but only the `` Monster Mortar '' saw action ( at the Battle of Antwerp in 1832 ) .
Well-known incidents using these weapons include the 1985 Newry mortar attack , when nine members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary were killed , and the Downing Street mortar attack in 1991 .
A solution to this problem is the Raschen Bag .
However , mortars both larger and smaller than these specifications have been produced .
Improvised , or `` home-made '' , mortars have been used by insurgent groups , usually to attack fortified military installations or to terrorize civilians .
The IRA mortared 10 Downing Street as a Cabinet meeting was in session .
The tube is generally set at between 45 and 85 degrees angle to the ground , with the higher angle giving shorter firing distances .
When it reaches the base of the tube it hits a fixed firing pin , which detonates the baseline charge and fires the projectile .
Some mortars have a moving firing pin , operated by a lanyard ; others may be fired by a trigger .
Three bombs were launched but only one detonated , it landed in the back garden of the British Prime Minister 's residence and only shattered the rear windows .
A modern mortar consists of a tube into which assistant gunners drop a purpose-designed bomb .
Mortars suffer from instability when used on snow and soft ground , because the recoil pushes them into the ground or snow unevenly .
An infantry mortar can usually also be mounted and fired from a mortar-carrier , a purpose-built or modified armored vehicle with a large roof-hatch .
The mortar is relatively simple and easy weapon to operate .
A mortar is an indirect fire weapon that fires explosive projectiles known as ( mortar ) bombs at low velocities , short ranges and high-arcing ballistic trajectories .
Mortars and their ammunition are generally much smaller and lighter than other artillery , such as guns and howitzers , which allows light and medium ( typically , 60mm and 81\/82mm ) mortars to be considered small-arms ; i.e. capable of transport by personnel without vehicle assistance .
From the 17th to the early 20th century very heavy , relatively immobile siege mortars were used , of up to one metre calibre , often made of cast iron and with outside barrel diameter many times that of the bore diameter .
The national flag of Ireland ( Irish : bratach na hÉireann ) - frequently referred to as the Irish tricolor - is a vertical tricolor of green ( at the hoist ) , white , and orange .
The origin of the term `` G-string '' is obscure .
A G-string ( alternatively gee-string or gee string ) is a type of thong underwear or swimsuit , a narrow piece of cloth , leather , or plastic , that covers or holds the genitals , passes between the buttocks , and is attached to a band around the hips , worn as swimwear or underwear mostly by women , but also by men .
The colors in the ribbon are crimson , which represents federation , and blue and gold for the beginning of the 21st Century .
The seven gold and red lines signify the states ' pathways to federation .
The Centenary Medal is an award created by the Australian Government in 2001 .
At the center of the star is an Indigenous styling of Aboriginal traditions at the heart of the continent .
It was established to commemorate the Centenary of Federation of Australia and to honor people who have made a contribution to Australian society or government .
Around the rim are 100 dots depicting 100 years of federation .
The obverse of the medal features a seven-pointed Commonwealth Star representing the six Australian states , with the seventh point representing Australia 's territories .
The reverse features a seven pointed star , with the words `` For Contribution Made to Australian Society '' around the rim .
Nominations were assessed by a panel chaired by Professor Geoffrey Blainey , a historian .
The bar and ribbon are the same so that a recipient can be identified as such .
The eastern side of the bay , consisting of Alameda and Contra Costa counties , is known locally as the East Bay .
The region north of the Golden Gate Bridge is known locally as the North Bay .
This area consists of a series of cities and suburban communities in San Mateo County and the northwestern part of Santa Clara County , as well as various towns along the Pacific coast , such as Pacifica and Half Moon Bay .
The East Bay can be loosely divided into two regions , the inner East Bay , which adjoins the Bay shoreline , and the outer East Bay , consisting of inland valleys separated from the inner East Bay by hills and mountains .
This area encompasses Marin County , Sonoma County , Napa County and extends eastward into Solano County .
The San Francisco Bay Area , commonly known as the Bay Area , is a populated region that surrounds the San Francisco and San Pablo estuaries in Northern California , United States .
The area from San Francisco to the Silicon Valley , geographically part of the San Francisco Peninsula , is known locally as The Peninsula .
The communities at the southern region of the San Francisco Bay Area are primarily located in what is known as Silicon Valley , or the Santa Clara Valley .
Home to approximately 7.15 million people , the nine-county Bay Area contains many cities , towns , airports , and associated regional , state , and national parks , connected by a network of roads , highways , railroads , bridges , tunnels and commuter rail .
With few exceptions , this region is quite affluent : Marin County is ranked as the wealthiest in the state .
Edward `` Eddie '' McKay Cheever , Jr. ( born January 10 , 1958 in Phoenix , Arizona ) is an American racing driver who raced for almost thirty years in Formula One , sports cars , CART and the Indy Racing League .
Cheever participated in 143 World Championship Formula One races and started 132 , more than any other American , driving for nine different teams from 1978 through 1989 .
In 1997 , he formed his own IRL team and won the 1998 Indianapolis 500 as both owner and driver .
The team now competes in sports cars .
A shortened version of the novel was published by Doubleday , Page & Company on February 28 , 1906 .
The Jungle is a 1906 book written by the American journalist and novelist Upton Sinclair ( 1878-1968 ) .
It contains manganese in its highest oxidation state .
As a result , cellular phone use is very common throughout the country .
The prefix for international calls from Albania is 00 ( e.g. , for a United States number 00 1 ... should be dialed ) .
Below is an explanation when dialing a number within the Tirana administrative unit : Albania has the lowest rate of telephone use per capita in Europe with roughly 10 lines per 100 people as of 2008 ITU statistics .
The song is also featured as the fifth track on the 2007 deluxe edition of Beyoncé 's B'Day ( 2006 ) with Knowles on lead under the title `` Welcome to Hollywood '' .
A video interlude was recorded for The Beyoncé Experience tour where clips of Knowles were shown and music videos from her B'Day Anthology were comprised together , while the song was played on the tour .
It is the seat of Bristol County .
Taunton is a city in Bristol County , Massachusetts , United States , located approximately 40 miles ( 64 km ) south of Boston , 18 miles ( 29 km ) east of Providence , 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Fall River , 20 miles ( 32 km ) north of New Bedford , and 25 miles ( 40 km ) west of Plymouth .
It is considered one of the best grounds in the subcontinent .
The ground is a state of the art stadium , equipped with world class facilities .
The ground was originally built for football and athletics and was hence rectangular in shape .
The ground hosted its first Test match on 25 May 2007 where the home team played India .
The ground was fitted with floodlights in 2009 ; it is able to host day\/night cricket matches .
The stadium hosted 4 group matches and 2 quarter finals during the 2011 Cricket World Cup which took place in 19 February - 2 April , jointly hosted by Bangladesh , Sri Lanka and India .
The Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium ( SBNCS ; Bengali : শের - ই-ব াংলা জাতীয় ক্রিকেট স্টেডিয়াম ) , also called Mirpur Stadium , is a cricket ground in Dhaka , the capital of Bangladesh .
They are the tallest twin towers in Macon , and the 3rd tallest building in Macon , Georgia , at 200 feet ( 60 meters ) to the tip .
The interior features 60 stained glass windows which teach the story of Salvation , a white Carrara marble altar and pulpit , and an organ with 1,000 pipes .
Saint Joseph 's Catholic Church , located in Macon , GA , was listed on the NRHP on July 14 , 1971 .
The same year , she married the Italian dancer Luigi Casagli , and is thus known as Justina Casagli .
Justina Kristina Casagli , née Wässelius , ( 4 October 1794 - 1841 ) , was a Swedish opera singer .
In 1818 , she left Sweden with her husband and traveled to Italy , where she made a huge success in Rossini `` s La Cenerentola in Turin .
She was contracted at the Royal Swedish Opera , where her older sister was prima donna , in 1812 .
She spent her last years in Parma .
While the child of one of Sulla 's surrogates was chosen by the adult organizers to lead one of the `` teams '' , the team refused to follow him because of his character , and when they were finally asked whom they would follow , the boys unanimously chose Cato .
Marcus Porcius Cato Uticensis ( 95 BC , Rome - April 46 BC , Utica ) , commonly known as Cato the Younger ( Cato Minor ) to distinguish him from his great-grandfather ( Cato the Elder ) , was a politician and statesman in the late Roman Republic , and a follower of the Stoic philosophy .
Plutarch also tells a story about Cato 's peers ' immense respect for him , even at a young age , during the Roman ritual military game , called `` Troy '' , in which all aristocratic teenagers participated as a sort of `` coming of age '' ceremony , involving a mock battle with wooden weapons performed on horseback .
A noted orator , he is remembered for his stubbornness and tenacity ( especially in his lengthy conflict with Julius Caesar ) , as well as his immunity to bribes , his moral integrity , and his famous distaste for the ubiquitous corruption of the period .
He is the older brother of Sir David Attenborough , the naturalist and broadcaster , and John Attenborough , who was an executive at Alfa Romeo before his death in 2012 .
Richard Samuel Attenborough , Baron Attenborough \/ ˈætənbərə \/ , CBE ( born 29 August 1923 ) is an English actor , film director , producer and entrepreneur .
'' ( I 've Had ) The Time of My Life '' is a song composed by Franke Previte , John DeNicola , and Donald Markowitz .
In the United States , the single topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart in November 1987 for one week and also reached number one on the Adult Contemporary for four weeks .
In 1912 he entered the Kiev Conservatory , where he was taught by Vladimir Puchalsky , Sergei Tarnowsky , and Felix Blumenfeld .
Horowitz 's first European recording , in 1930 , was of Rachmaninoff 's Piano Concerto No. 3 with Albert Coates and the London Symphony Orchestra , the world premiere recording of that piece .
Horowitz settled in the U. S. in 1939 , and became an American citizen in 1944 .
He is widely considered one of the greatest pianists of the twentieth century .
He made his television debut in a concert taped at Carnegie Hall on February 1 , 1968 , and broadcast nationwide by CBS on September 22 of that year .
Several times , he withdrew from public performances - during 1936 to 1938 , 1953 to 1965 , 1969 to 1974 , and 1983 to 1985 .
He later played in Paris , London , and New York City .
`` long-chinned snake '' ) .
The Chinese cobra ( Naja atra ) , also called Taiwan cobra , is a species of cobra in the Elapidae family , found mostly in southern China and a couple of neighboring nations and islands .
`` Spectacled snake '' refers to the markings which the snake may at times have on the back of the hood that resemble eyeglasses .
In Taiwanese , the snake is known as pn̄g - sî-chhèng ( 飯匙倩 \/ 銃 , lit .
Naja atra was first described by Danish physician , zoologist , and botanist Theodore Edward Cantor in 1842 .
The specific epithet atra comes from the Latin term ater , which means `` dark '' , `` black '' , or `` gloomy '' .
The dorsal color of the Chinese cobra is usually brown , gray or black , with or without narrow , light transverse lines at irregular intervals which are especially prominent in juveniles .
The eyes are medium-sized and the iris is a dark dirty yellow dappled with gray-black or blue-black and the pupil is round and jet black .
There is some variation in the color of the ventral body and tail : it could be white to gray , dark gray mottled with white , or blackish .
This medium-sized snake is usually 1.2 to 1.5 metres ( 3.9 to 4.9 ft ) long , but they can grow to a maximum length of 2 metres ( 6.6 ft ) though this is rare .
`` Chinese spectacled snake '' , i.e. Chinese cobra ) , Zhōushān yǎnjìngshé ( 舟山眼鏡蛇 , lit .
This is a heavy bodied snake , the body is slightly flattened , and may be significantly flattened when threatened , and it has a short tail .
The upper head is usually the same color as the tail and dorsal part of the body , while the sides of the head are lighter in color .
In Mandarin Chinese , the snake is known as Zhōnghuá yǎnjìngshé ( simplified : 中华眼镜蛇 , traditional : 中華眼鏡蛇 , lit .
`` Zhoushan spectacled snake '' , i.e. Zhoushan cobra ) or , in Guangdong and Hong Kong , fànchǎntóu ( 飯鏟頭 , lit .
The ventral head and neck are white to light gray or light orange in color .
The dorsal scales are smooth and glossy , while the dorsolateral scales are strongly oblique .
The nostrils of this species are large and prominent .
Like other elapids , this is a proteroglyphous snake with fangs that are permanently erect and are located at the anterior of the upper jaw .
Specimens with other colors on their dorsal surface , such as white , yellow or brown do occur .
It is one of the most prevalent venomous snakes in mainland China and Taiwan , which has caused many snakebite incidents to humans .
The generic name naja is a Latinisation of the Sanskrit word nāgá ( नाग ) meaning `` cobra '' .
`` spectacled snake '' , i.e. cobra ) , or tn̂g - ām-chôa ( 長頷蛇 , lit .
The head on this species is broad , slightly triangular in shape and is slightly distinct from the neck .
The abdominal surface is pearl or slaty colored .
`` rice paddle head '' ) .
The populations in different geographic regions of Taiwan show a different composition of ventral colouration : the eastern population is all blackish ( 100 % ) , the central and southern populations are mostly white to gray ( both 80 % ) , and the proportions of blackish and white-gray phases in the northern population are 60 % and 30 % , respectively .
There may be irregular or scattered crosslines of white to light gray along the upper body and a spectacle marking on the hood .
`` rice paddle ? '' )
The Chinese cobra is iridescent black with a number of distant transversal double lines of a yellow color .
Such wristbands are sometimes called awareness bracelets to distinguish them from other types of wristbands .
One type of wristband is also known as a sweatband , and is usually made of a towel-like terrycloth material .
Charles I ( 19 November 1600 - 30 January 1649 ) was monarch of the three kingdoms of England , Scotland , and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649 .
Two years later he married the Bourbon princess Henrietta Maria of France instead .
A flower , sometimes known as a bloom or blossom , is the reproductive structure found in flowering plants ( plants of the division Magnoliophyta , also called angiosperms ) .
He enclosed in his letter a copy of his `` Disputation of Martin Luther on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences , '' which came to be known as The Ninety-Five Theses .
The King 's Gambit is a chess opening that begins with the moves : 1 .
Inhabitants of Saint-Denis are called Dionysiens .
Denis ' tomb quickly became a place of worship .
During the French Revolution , not only was the city renamed `` Franciade '' from 1793 to 1803 , but the royal necropolis was looted and destroyed .
In the 2nd century , there was a Gallo-Roman village named Catolacus on the location that Saint-Denis occupies today .
Saint-Denis received the north-western part of La Chapelle-Saint-Denis .
It is also home to France 's national stadium , the Stade de France , built for the 1998 FIFA World Cup .
Saint-Denis is a formerly industrial suburb currently reconverting its economic base .
During the Second World War , after the defeat of France , Saint-Denis was occupied by the Germans on 13 June 1940 .
Saint Denis , the first bishop of Paris and patron saint of France , was martyred in about 250 and buried in the cemetery of Catolacus .
Saint-Denis is home to the royal necropolis of the Basilica of Saint Denis and was also the location of the associated abbey .
ni ) ) is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris , France .
After an insurgency which started on 18 August 1944 , Saint-Denis was liberated by General Leclerc on 27 August 1944 .
Extreme Noise Terror ( often abbreviated to ENT ) are a British crust punk \/ grindcore band originally formed in Ipswich , England in 1985 .
Notable for one of the earliest uses of dual vocalists in hardcore punk , and for recording a number of sessions for BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel , Extreme Noise Terror started as a crust punk band and helped characterise the early , archetypal grindcore sound with fiercely political lyrics , grinding guitars , extremely fast tempo and often very short songs .
In fact , the cause of 50 % of preterm births is never determined .
The terms East Indian and South Asian are used to distinguish people with ancestral origins in India from the Aboriginal peoples in Canada , who are often referred to as Indian , and from the people of the Caribbean , who are sometimes referred to as West Indian .
In September 2007 , researchers found quill knobs on the forearm of a Velociraptor found in Mongolia .
These bumps on bird wing bones show where feathers anchor , and their presence on Velociraptor indicate it too had feathers .
The feathers of the flightless Velociraptor may have been used for display , for covering their nests while brooding , or for added speed and thrust when running up inclined slopes .
Furthermore , they noted that quill knobs are almost never found in flightless bird species today , and that their presence in Velociraptor ( presumed to have been flightless due to its relatively large size and short forelimbs ) is evidence that the ancestors of dromaeosaurids could fly , making Velociraptor and other large members of this family secondarily flightless , though it is possible the large wing feathers inferred in the ancestors of Velociraptor had a purpose other than flight .
Velociraptor was warm-blooded to some degree , as it required a significant amount of energy to hunt .
Heine , however , continued to comment on German politics and society from a distance .
In 1831 Heine left Germany for France , settling in Paris for his remaining 25 years of life .
As Heine said in self-justification , his conversion was `` the ticket of admission into European culture '' .
Christian Johann Heinrich Heine ( 13 December 1797 - 17 February 1856 ) was a German poet , journalist , essayist , and literary critic .
Heine was born in Düsseldorf , Rhineland , into a Jewish family .
He is best known outside Germany for his early lyric poetry , which was set to music in the form of Lieder ( art songs ) by composers such as Robert Schumann and Franz Schubert .
Tinky Winky ( played by Dave Thompson , Mark Heenehan , and Simon Shelton ) is the first Teletubby .
Dipsy ( played by John Simmit ) is the second Teletubby .
, a single based on the show 's theme song , reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in December 1997 and remained in the Top 75 for 32 weeks , selling over a million copies .
In a similar incident in 1998 , a girl 's talking Po doll was thought to be saying `` faggot faggot , faggot faggot , faggot faggot , bite my butt '' , as well as `` fatty , fatty . ''
` Teletubbies say `` Eh-oh ! '' '
He is the largest and oldest of the Teletubbies , is covered in purple terrycloth , and has a triangular antenna on his head .
In 2002 , production was canceled and it was announced that no new episodes would be produced , with the last episode being aired on 5 January 2001 .
The toy was recalled and it was revealed to have said `` fidit , fidit , and mon , mon '' inspired by the Cantonese Chinese for `` faster , faster , and slower , slower '' .
He is green and is named `` Dipsy '' because his antenna resembles a dipstick .
Teletubbies is a British BBC children 's television series targeted at pre-school viewers and produced from 31 March 1997 to 5 January 2001 by Ragdoll Productions .
He is notable for the red bag he always carries .
It was created by Ragdoll 's creative director Anne Wood CBE and Andrew Davenport , who wrote each of the show 's 365 episodes .
He warned parents that Tinky Winky could be a covert homosexual symbol , because `` he is purple , the gay pride color , and his antenna is shaped like a triangle : the gay pride symbol . ''
Dipsy is the most stubborn of the Teletubbies , and will sometimes refuse to go along with the other Teletubbies ' group opinion .
They may be made of plastic , glass , or borosilicate glass .
Due to the principle of microscopic reversibility , there is a parallel set of `` retro '' pericyclic reactions , which perform the reverse reaction .
A large photoinduced hydrogen sigmatropic shift was utilized in a corrin synthesis performed by Albert Eschenmoser containing a 16π system .
Pericyclic reactions are usually rearrangement reactions .
Pericyclic reactions often have related stepwise radical processes associated with them .
Pericyclic reactions also occur in several biological processes .
In organic chemistry , a pericyclic reaction is a type of organic reaction wherein the transition state of the molecule has a cyclic geometry , and the reaction progresses in a concerted fashion .
Some pericyclic reactions , such as the ( 2 +2 ) cycloaddition , are ` controversial ' because their mechanism is not definitively known to be concerted ( or may depend on the reactive system ) .
The major classes of pericyclic reactions are : In general , these are considered to be equilibrium processes , although it is possible to push the reaction in one direction by designing a reaction by which the product is at a significantly lower energy level ; this is due to a unimolecular interpretation of Le Chatelier 's principle .
Pericyclic reactions also often have metal-catalyzed analogs , although usually these are also not technically pericyclic , since they proceed via metal-stabilized intermediates , and therefore are not concerted .
Ranford 's post-draft year , 1985-86 , was an eventful one , as Ranford was named to the WHL Second All-Star Team , and saw his first NHL action after the WHL season ended , winning three of four games for Boston , before going 0-2 in the playoffs .
The Wendel Clark trade made the Bill Ranford deal happen .
Ranford ( 14 saves ) and Grant Fuhr ( 11 saves ) took turns in goal and held the Montreal Canadiens alumni team scoreless in a 2-0 victory .
Ranford went on to play the next six seasons in Edmonton , before being dealt back to the Boston Bruins on January 11 , 1996 for Mariusz Czerkawski , Sean Brown , and a 1st Round Pick in the 1996 Entry Draft ( Matthieu Descoteaux ) .
After less than two seasons with Boston , Ranford was dealt to the Washington Capitals on March 1 , 1997 with Adam Oates and Rick Tocchet for Jason Allison , Anson Carter , Jim Carey , a conditional draft pick in the 1998 Entry Draft , and a Third Round Pick in the 1997 Entry Draft ( Lee Goren ) .
The replacement of Bruins coach Butch Goring with Terry O'Reilly led to Ranford falling out of favor , and eventually being dealt on March 8 , 1988 from the Boston Bruins with Geoff Courtnall to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for Andy Moog .
He is also a part-owner of the Coquitlam Express of the British Columbia Hockey League ( Tier II Junior ) .
He played for local teams in Portage La Prairie , Manitoba , Prince Edward Island and Red Deer , Alberta .
On July 10 , 2006 he was named the goaltending coach of the Los Angeles Kings and continues to hold that position .
On June 18 , 1998 , he was dealt to the Tampa Bay Lightning for a Second Round Pick in the 1999 Entry Draft and a Third Round Pick in the 1998 Entry Draft ( Todd Hornung ) .
As a child , Ranford took figure skating lessons , before eventually decided to go into goaltending .
Ranford won his first Stanley Cup in 1988 , as the backup to Grant Fuhr .
Ranford spent his junior career with the New Westminster Bruins , playing two seasons with the team before being drafted by the Boston Bruins in the 3rd round ( 52nd overall ) in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft .
However , in 1990 despite constant comparisons to the injured Fuhr , Ranford emerged as a first-rate goaltender , leading the Oilers to the Stanley Cup and winning the Conn Smythe Trophy ( playoff MVP ) in the process .
Ranford acted in the 2004 movie Miracle , performing the on-ice scenes as the goaltender for Team USA , Jim Craig , while Eddie Cahill performed the off-ice scenes .
To start the next year , Boston assigned him to the Moncton Golden Flames of the AHL , where he went 3-0 to start the season , and wound up spending the rest of the year with Boston .
He was selected in the third round of the 1985 NHL Entry Draft , 52nd overall , by the Boston Bruins .
Ranford played net for the Edmonton Oilers alumni team at the 2003 Heritage Classic , the first outdoor regular season game in NHL history .
Because his father was in the armed forces , Ranford lived in Germany for a few years , as well as various places in Canada .
Over the course of fifteen NHL seasons , Ranford would play with Boston , the Edmonton Oilers , Washington Capitals , Tampa Bay Lightning , and Detroit Red Wings , winning two Stanley Cups , a Canada Cup , and the 1994 World Ice Hockey Championship while playing for Canada .
It was the last Cup that the Edmonton Oilers dynasty would win .
The prior trade brought Wendel Clark and a draft pick to the Red Wings and Goaltender Kevin Hodson and a draft pick to the Lightning .
He graduated from New Westminster Secondary School in 1985 .
He began the season with Tampa Bay , but was traded to the Detroit Red Wings on March 23 , 1999 for a conditional draft pick .
Prior to the trade , he had spent most of the next season with the AHL 's Maine Mariners , but that would be the last time he would play at the minor-league level .
Ranford served as the Goalie Coach for the WHL Vancouver Giants for the 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 seasons .
His final year in the NHL was 1999-2000 , where Ranford returned to Edmonton as a free-agent , backing up Tommy Salo before announcing his retirement on April 24 .
William Edward Ranford ( born December 14 , 1966 ) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender and current goaltending coach for the Los Angeles Kings .
The 1948 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was held in London , England , United Kingdom .
After a 12-year hiatus because of World War II , these were the first Summer Olympics since the 1936 Games in Berlin .
In colder temperatures , brine can be used to de-ice or reduce freezing temperatures on roads .
In 1908 and 1912 Australia competed with New Zealand under the name Australasia .
Australia has sent athletes to almost all editions of the modern Olympic Games .
Australia has competed in every Summer Olympic Games , and most Winter Olympic Games , the latter each time since 1952 .
The Australian Olympic Committee was founded and recognized in 1895 .
It is at the western edge of a conurbation comprising Camborne , Pool and Redruth .
The population of Camborne was 20,010 at the 2001 census .
Camborne was just a village until transformed by the mining boom which began in the late eighteenth century and saw the Camborne and Redruth district become the richest mining area in the world .
Amritsar is one of the largest cities of the Punjab state in India .
The city is known for its rich cuisine and culture , and for the tragic incident of Jallianwala Bagh massacre in 1919 under British Rule .
It was released on October 25 , 2005 , charting at number one on the Billboard 200 album chart and number six on the UK Albums Chart .
It is the best selling greatest-hits album by a female group and it was the group 's first album to reach number one album in the United States after 2001 's Survivor .
# 1 's is a compilation album released by R&B group Destiny 's Child containing songs from their albums The Writing 's on the Wall , Survivor , This Is the Remix , and Destiny Fulfilled .
Arthur Sarkissian Armenian : Արթուր Սարգսյան ( born 11 May 1960 ) is an Armenian artist and painter .
His work is displayed in the Museum of Modern Art in Yerevan .
Sarkissian 's works include : Solo exhibitions : Group exhibitions :
He said in 2005 , `` my approach to painting developed from the desire to free myself from Socialist Realism . ''
He lives and works in Yerevan , Armenia .
His canvases combine painting and silkscreen printing , incorporating text , photographs , signs , architectural images and extracts from other paintings , fusing oil paint with found ephemera .
Together , Geoffrey and Ermengarde had :
Geoffrey II , de Château-Landon ( died 1043-46 ) was the Count of Gâtinais .
He was the son of Hugues du Perche ( fr ) , Count of Gâtinais , by Beatrice of Mâcon ( fr ) , the daughter of Aubry II of Mâcon ( fr ) .
About 1035 he married Ermengarde of Anjou , Duchess of Burgundy , daughter of Fulk III , Count of Anjou .
Pirandello 's works include novels , hundreds of short stories , and about 40 plays , some of which are written in Sicilian .
Pirandello 's tragic farces are often seen as forerunners of the Theatre of the Absurd .
He was awarded the 1934 Nobel Prize in Literature for his `` bold and brilliant renovation of the drama and the stage '' .
Luigi Pirandello ( Italian : ( luˈiːdʒi piranˈdɛllo ) ; 28 June 1867 - 10 December 1936 ) was an Italian dramatist , novelist , poet and short story writer .
Bladen County is a member of the regional Lumber River Council of Governments .
Its county seat is Elizabethtown .
Bladen County is considered the `` mother county '' of North Carolina because of the 100 counties in North Carolina , 55 of them at one point belonged to Bladen County .
Bladen County was formed in 1734 as Bladen Precinct of Bath County , from New Hanover Precinct .
It is the only member of the genus Phyllopteryx .
It can be found approximately between Port Stephens , New South Wales and Geraldton , Western Australia , as well as Tasmania .
In the November 2006 issue of National Geographic magazine , marine biologist Greg Rouse is reported as investigating the DNA variation of the two seadragon species across their ranges .
The Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach , California and the Tennessee Aquarium in Chattanooga , Tennessee in the USA , and the Melbourne Aquarium in Melbourne , Australia are among the few facilities in the world to have successfully bred weedy seadragons in captivity , though others occasionally report egg laying .
Individuals are observed either on their own or in pairs ; feeding on tiny crustaceans and other zooplankton by sucking prey into their toothless mouths .
Kaskaskia is located at 37 ° 55 ′ 17 ″ N 89 ° 54 ′ 59 ″ W \/ 37.921395 ° N 89.916467 ° W \/ 37.921395 ; -89.916467 .
By 1950 , only 112 people lived in Kaskaskia .
The brick church was built in 1843 in the squared-off French style .
Its peak population was about 7,000 before the capital moved in 1819 to Vandalia .
River banks became unstable and collapsed into the water .
The state boundary line , however , remained in its original location .
The parish rang the church bell in celebration , which has since been called the `` liberty bell '' .
By 2000 , with nine residents , Kaskaskia was almost a ghost town , the least populous incorporated community in the State of Illinois .
However , the village comprises only a small part of Kaskaskia Precinct , which includes all of Randolph County 's land west of the Mississippi .
In 1993 the Mississippi River almost completely flooded the island .
The river now passes east rather than west of the town .
In 1733 , the French built Fort Kaskaskia near this site .
Kaskaskia is a historically important village in Randolph County , Illinois , United States .
Although introduction of steamboats on the Mississippi River stimulated the economies of river towns in the 19th century , their use also had devastating environmental effects .
As the Mississippi continued to flow through its new bed , earth was deposited so that the village became physically attached to the west bank of the river , which primarily lies within the boundaries of the state of Missouri .
King Louis XV sent a bell to Kaskaskia in 1741 for its church , one of several constructed there .
From St. Louis to the confluence of the Ohio River , the Mississippi became wider and more shallow , with more severe flooding .
The French also had a trading post in the fur trade at the village .
In 1893 the people of the town moved and rebuilt the Church of the Immaculate Conception at Kaskaskia .
The congregation built its first stone church in 1714 .
The flood of 1881 destroyed all remnants of the original town and the Mississippi shifted into the channel of the Kaskaskia River , passing east instead of west of the town .
Parts of the town were rebuilt in the new area .
Much of Kaskaskia and other French colonial towns has been lost .
Kaskaskia became the capital of Upper Louisiana and the French built Fort de Chartres in 1718 .
Kaskaskia was later named as the capital of the United States ' Illinois Territory , created on February 3 , 1809 .
In the 2010 census the population was 14 , making it the second-smallest incorporated community in the State of Illinois in terms of population .
It is housed in a brick building shrine near the Church of the Immaculate Conception .
The site of Kaskaskia near the river was first a Native American village , inhabited by varying indigenous peoples for thousands of years .
The town was submerged under nine feet of water by the Great Flood of 1993 , which reached the roofs of the buildings .
The city fell on July 4 , 1778 to George Rogers Clark and his force of 200 men , including Captain Leonard Helm , during one of the western-most battles of the American Revolution .
Rather than live under British rule after France ceded the territory east of the river , many French-speaking people from Kaskaskia and other colonial towns moved west of the Mississippi to Ste. Genevieve and St. Louis , and other areas .
The town was named after the Illini word for the Kaskaskia River .
As a major French colonial town of the Illinois Country , in the 18th century its peak population was about 7,000 , when it was a regional center .
From the early French settlement , Kaskaskia was a multicultural village , consisting of a few French men and numerous Illinois and other American Indians .
The French goals stimulated the expedition of Claude Charles Du Tisne to establish trade relations with the Plains Indians in 1719 .
French settlers moved in to farm and to exploit the lead mines on the Missouri side of the river .
During the years of French rule , Kaskaskia and the other agricultural settlements in the Illinois Country were critical for supplying Lower Louisiana , especially New Orleans , with wheat and corn , as the crops could not be grown in the Gulf climate .
The French had the goal of trading with all the Prairie tribes , and beyond them , with the Spanish colony in New Mexico .
By 1970 , the population had fallen to 79 , and it continued its precipitous decline to 33 in 1980 .
As a center of the regional economy , Kaskaskia served as the capital of Illinois Territory from 1809 until statehood was gained in 1818 , and then as the state capital until 1819 .
Deforestation of the banks followed steamboat crews ' regular cutting of trees to feed the engine fires .
The original location of Kaskaskia became an island , surrounded by the Mississippi River .
Now a bayou , the old channel is regularly flooded and has a bridge to carry traffic over it .
Kaskaskia Precinct has a land area of 24.037 sq mi ( 62.256 km2 ) and a 2000 census population of 36 people .
It was destroyed by the British in 1763 during the French and Indian War ( also known as the Seven Years War ) , which they won .
Farmers shipped tons of flour south over the years , which helped New Orleans survive .
In 1707 , the population of the community was estimated at 2,200 , the majority Illinois who lived somewhat apart from the Europeans .
Following the Great Flood of 1844 , residents of Kaskaskia relocated the town to the south .
It offers adult degree programs at professional , undergraduate and graduate levels .
It has no recognized educational accreditation in these places .
Bircham is not accredited by any recognized accreditation agency .
It is registered in Spain and Delaware .
Bircham International University is a private unaccredited institution of higher education via distance education .
As of 2010 , BIU is listed as a member of the European Foundation for Quality in eLearning , a membership organization that does not engage in educational accreditation , and the International Accreditation and Recognition Council , an unrecognized accreditation agency .
It formerly operated from the Bahamas , or the United Kingdom .
By the middle of 19th century , Ayyavazhi had come to be recognized as a separate religion with deep roots in the regions of South Travancore and South Tirunelveli .
The holy books of Ayyavazhi are the Akilattirattu Ammanai ( commonly referred to as Akilam ) and the Arul Nool , and they are the source of the religion 's mythology .
Meanwhile , the Payyan dynasty started administrating the Swamithoppe pathi , while other Pathis came under the administration of the followers of Ayya .
Currently , Bala Prajapathi Adikalar , heir to the Payyan dynasty , is considered the leader of Ayyavazhi .
Ayyavazhi is centered on the life and preachings of Ayya Vaikundar ; its ideas and philosophy are based on the holy texts Akilattirattu Ammanai and Arul Nool .
The list of Pathis announced by the headquarters of Ayyavazhi does not include these Pathis .
It contains prayers , hymns and instructions for the way of worship in Ayyavazhi , as well as rituals prophesy and many acts .
The Akilattirattu Ammanai was written by Hari Gopalan Seedar in 1841 , as if hearing the contents of Akilam told by Narayana to his consort Lakshmi .
To the Ayyavazhi devotees , there are seven holy places , called Pathis , with the Pancha pathis being the most important .
Considering the growth of Ayyavazhi , Ayya Vaikunda Avataram , the day of Vaikundar 's incarnation , was declared a holiday by the state administration for the district of Kanyakumari in 1994 , followed by the districts of Tirunelveli and Tuticorin in 2006 .
There are thousands of Nizhal Thangals throughout India , mostly in South India .
Although the majority of these followers were from the Nadar cast , a large number of people from other castes also follows it .
This is now known as the RBSA Gallery , and was opened by Charles , Prince of Wales , on 12 April 2000 .
On April 30 , 1983 Muddy Waters died in his sleep from heart failure , at his home in Westmont , Illinois .
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listed four songs of Muddy Waters among the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll .
McKinley Morganfield ( April 4 , 1913 - April 30 , 1983 ) , known as Muddy Waters , was an American blues musician .
U.S. Postage Stamp
Muddy Waters ' songs have been featured in long-time fan Martin Scorsese 's movies , including The Color of Money , Goodfellas and Casino .
Although in his later years Muddy usually said that he was born in Rolling Fork , Mississippi , in 1915 , he was most likely born at Jug 's Corner in neighboring Issaquena County in 1913 .
Christendom , or the Christian world , has several meanings .
In Western Punjab , the beats of dhol have been an element in the ceremonies of the great Sufi mystics and their followers .
The patterns of dhol have been developed to catalyze the mind of the devotee who is seeking spiritual trance .
Traditionally the Punjabi dhol has been the domain of men .
Someone who plays the dhol is known as dholi ( Punjabi : ਢੋਲੀ ) .
Most of them have since been relocated to Sephardic synagogues in Israel .
During the 1982 Lebanon war , Yasir Arafat 's PLO forces and the Christian Phalangists were situated in Wadi Abu Jamil , leading to Israeli suspicion of there being Palestinian weapons in the quarter .
In 1976 , a year after the civil war began , Joseph Farhi transferred the Torah scrolls from the synagogue to Geneva and entrusted to renowned Jewish-Lebanese banker Edmond Safra , who preserved them in his bank 's coffers .
The neighboring Talmudic school was demolished so that other new buildings would keep the view of the beach nearby .
Wayne Gretzky won the Art Ross Trophy 10 times , including seven consecutive , during his 20-year NHL career .
The Art Ross Trophy is awarded to the National Hockey League player who leads the league in scoring points at the end of the regular season .
Gordie Howe and Mario Lemieux each won it six times , while Phil Esposito and Jaromír Jágr each have five .
His first marriage was to Mary Birge .
In 1965 , Mickey , only , would have the lead role in Bloody Pit of Horror .
Together they had a daughter Tina Hargitay ( b. 1949 ) .
In the episode `` Control '' ( 2003 ) , Hargitay played a man on a subway station escalator who witnesses the aftermath of a brutal assault .
They had three children : Miklós Jeffrey Palmer Hargitay ( b. December 21 , 1958 ) , Zoltán Anthony Hargitay ( b. August 1 , 1960 ) , and Mariska Magdolna Hargitay ( called Maria , b. January 23 , 1964 ) .
Mariska 's character , Olivia Benson , is later seen interviewing him .
In 1960 , Jayne and Mickey would play the lead roles in The Loves of Hercules .
Hargitay 's final acting appearance was in an episode of his daughter Mariska 's series , Law & Order : Special Victims Unit .
( 1957 ) .
He died in Los Angeles on September 14 , 2006 , aged 80 , from multiple myeloma .
The Los Angeles Times noted in Hargitay 's obituary :
Hargitay and Mansfield married on January 13 , 1958 .
Hargitay 's first film role came when Jayne Mansfield demanded he be cast in her newest movie , Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
Hargitay became NABBA Mr. Universe in 1955 .
( 1963 ) and L'Amore Primitivo ( 1964 ) .
The divorce was recognized in the United States on August 26 , 1964 .
Over the next few years Mickey and Jayne , together , would appear in , Promises !
( 1957 ) , The Loves of Hercules ( 1960 ) , Promises !
20th Century Fox did n't want Hargitay in Rock Hunter , because they hated Mansfield 's view of Hargitay as her `` only '' lover ; Fox liked their sex symbols to be single .
Hargitay remodeled much of his and Mansfield 's Beverly Hills mansion , `` The Pink Palace '' , building its famous heart-shaped swimming pool .
In May 1963 , Mickey and Jayne divorced in Juarez , Mexico .
During their marriage , Hargitay and Mansfield made four movies together , Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
They divorced on September 6 , 1956 .
When Jayne noticed Mickey performing , she told the waiter , `` I 'll have a steak and that tall man on the left . ''
In November 2002 , the house was razed by developers .
After Mariska 's birth , Mansfield sued for the Juarez divorce to be declared legal and won .
After Mansfield 's death in a car crash on June 29 , 1967 , Hargitay sued Jayne 's estate for over $ 5,000 to support the children ; in their divorce decree , she had agreed to pay child support and to give him approximately $ 70,000 in cash and property .
The two had met the year before at The Mae West Show at the Latin Quarter .
He was inspired to begin bodybuilding after seeing a magazine cover of Steve Reeves , famed for playing Hercules .
Hargitay married again in September 1967 to Ellen Siano , his wife until his death .
Born in Budapest , Hungary , he was married to Jayne Mansfield , and the father of actress Mariska Hargitay .
Miklós `` Mickey '' Hargitay ( \/ ˈhɑrɡɨteɪ \/ ; Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmikloːʃ ˈhɒrgitɒj ) ; January 6 , 1926 - September 14 , 2006 ) was an actor and Mr. Universe 1955 .
The two fell head over heels in love and were never seen apart .
He is the first recipient of the Joe Weider Lifetime Achievement Award .
The film was shot in Italy , and to this day has n't been released in US movie theaters .
Born and raised in Hungary , Hargitay performed in an acrobatic act with his brothers .
The divorce was ruled invalid , and the two reconciled in October 1963 .
He also played soccer and became a champion speed skater .
An underground fighter during World War II , Hargitay fled Hungary after the war and moved to the United States .
He was on the Ginny Simms radio show .
In 1967 , the program received the first Emmy Award for Individual Achievement in Daytime Television from the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences .
In 1950 , he provided the singing voice of Prince Charming in Walt Disney 's Cinderella .
The show helped introduce entertainers such as Barbra Streisand and Aretha Franklin .
In the 1950s , Douglas , living in Burbank , California , tried to keep his singing career going , working as house singer for a nightclub and going on the road to stay busy .
After that , Douglas joined the big band of Kay Kyser as a singer .
He next surfaced in 1961 in Cleveland , where a onetime Chicago colleague hired him for $ 400 a week as an afternoon television talk-show host at WKYC-TV , then known as KYW-TV .
It earned $ 10.5 million annually from advertisers , while its host was paid more than $ 500,000 .
By his teens he was working as a singer on a Lake Michigan dinner cruise ship .
By 1967 , The Mike Douglas Show was broadcast to 171 markets and 6,000,000 viewers each day , mostly women at home .
Douglas was born Michael Delaney Dowd , Jr. , in Chicago , Illinois , and began singing as a choirboy .
Douglas was survived by his widow , daughters Kelly and twins Michele and Christine , and several grandchildren and great-grandchildren .
After serving briefly in the United States Navy near the end of World War II and as a `` staff singer '' for WMAQ-TV in Chicago , he moved to Los Angeles .
The Mike Douglas Show rapidly gained popularity , and ultimately , national syndication in August 1963 on the five Westinghouse-owned stations .
Douglas developed prostate cancer in 1990 , but after surgery he was cancer-free and remained in good health until almost the end of his life .
Water polo is a team water sport .
Seven players from each team ( six field players and a goalkeeper ) are allowed in the playing area of the pool during game play .
As a result , the average quarter lasts around 12 minutes ` real time ' .
Until the Meiji Restoration , the area of Fukushima prefecture was known as Mutsu Province .
Fukushima Prefecture ( 福島県 , Fukushima-ken ? )
is a prefecture of Japan located in the Tōhoku region on the island of Honshu .
Fukushima City , located in Naka-dōri and the capital of Fukushima Prefecture , measured 6-lower .
Joe Sinicki of Blast Magazine comments : `` While it still does suffer from some of the problems of the older games , Mario Kart Wii takes the simple and accessible formula set by its predecessors and tweaks it enough to make it feel fresh and fun , creating one of the most entertaining and rewarding gaming experiences in quite some time . ''
Mario Kart Wii ( マリオカートWii , Mario Kāto Wī ? )
The game was released worldwide throughout April 2008 , but one year later in South Korea .
Mario Kart Wii supports four different control schemes .
Mario Kart Wii features twenty-four playable characters from the Mario series , the largest roster of any Mario Kart game .
is the sixth installment in the Mario Kart series of kart racing games , developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console .
Each character is assigned to one of three different weight classes , which affects the selection of vehicles the character can drive .
Guinness World Records has awarded Mario Kart Wii with a record for being the best-selling racing video game of all time .
Though officially known as the House of Romanov , these descendants of the Romanov and Oldenburg Houses are sometimes referred to as Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov .
The later history of the Imperial House is sometimes referred to informally as the House of Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov .
The Duke of Holstein-Gottorp , who was himself a member of a cadet branch of the Oldenburgs , married into the Romanov family early in the 18th century ; all Romanov Tsars from the middle of that century to the revolution of 1917 were descended from that marriage .
The House of Romanov ( Russian : Рома́нов , IPA : ( rɐˈmanəf ) , ro-MAHN-off ) was the second and last imperial dynasty to rule over Russia , reigning from 1613 until the abdication of Tsar Nicholas II on March 15 , 1917 , as a result of the February Revolution .
Dorothy Parker ( August 22 , 1893 - June 7 , 1967 ) was an American poet , short story writer , critic and satirist , best known for her wit , wisecracks , and eye for 20th-century urban foibles .
Nevertheless , her literary output and reputation for her sharp wit have endured .
From a conflicted and unhappy childhood , Parker rose to acclaim , both for her literary output in such venues as The New Yorker and as a founding member of the Algonquin Round Table .
Her successes there , including two Academy Award nominations , were curtailed as her involvement in left-wing politics led to a place on the Hollywood blacklist .
Following the breakup of the circle , Parker traveled to Hollywood to pursue screenwriting .
In Japanese , haiku are traditionally printed in a single vertical line while haiku in English often appear in three lines to parallel the three phrases of Japanese haiku .
The donkey or ass , Equus africanus asinus , is a domesticated member of the Equidae or horse family .
Wellington is the second oldest New South Wales settlement west of the Blue Mountains .
A Probation and Parole Office was also opened in the center of town .
The railway from Sydney reached Wellington in 1880 .
The town is the administrative center of the Wellington Shire local government area .
The Wellington Boot , a country racing festival is held in March and April annually .
In September 2008 , the Wellington Correctional Centre was opened .
A small airport ( Bondangora Airport ) for private planes exists twelve kilometres east of Wellington .
Wellington is the center of rich agricultural land .
Burrendong Arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered Australian flora and covers 1.60 km ² .
The town acts as a commercial center for the district .
The area was originally occupied by the Wiradjuri people .
The Bell River Wine Estate is nearby as is the Nangara Gallery , it has a collection of Aboriginal artefacts .
The convict settlement ceased in 1831 but a village called Montefiores was established on the north side of the Macquarie River crossing .
Lake Burrendong , a man-made lake .
Explorer John Oxley was the first European to discover the area in 1817 and named it `` Wellington Valley '' after Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington .
The closest commercial airport is that of Dubbo .
is located 30 kilometres south of the town .
The local newspaper The Wellington Times , a Rural Press title , is published three times a week with a circulation in the region of around 1000 .
Wellington was originally established in 1823 by Lieutenant Percy Simpson in early 1823 as an agricultural station .
Wellington Shire Council was established in 1949 .
The nearby Wellington Caves feature the Cathedral Cave with the massive Altar Rock and has a viewable underground river running at the bottom .
Squatters started settling along the Macquarie Valley and in 1832 CMS was established in the settlement to teach Christianity to the Aboriginal people of the area .
While alfalfa and vegetables are grown on lands on the river , wheat , wool , lambs and beef cattle are grown on surrounding pastures .
Wellington is a town in inland New South Wales , Australia located at the junction of the Macquarie and Bell Rivers .
After the Maxwell team disbanded that same year , he joined the Prest-O-Lite team as manager and continued to race improved Maxwells for Prest-O-Lite .
He lived near a mine , and they decided to ride a cart down the slope .
He aggressively pursued any chance of involvement with automobiles .
With 26 aerial victories , he was America 's most successful fighter ace in the war .
Rickenbacker went to work at the Columbus Buggy Company , eventually becoming a salesman .
Edward Vernon Rickenbacker ( October 8 , 1890 - July 23 , 1973 ) was an American fighter ace in World War I and Medal of Honor recipient .
Rickenbacker joined the Maxwell Race Team in 1915 after leaving Peugeot .
It tipped over and almost crushed them .
His first life-threatening experience occurred when he was in the `` Horsehead Gang '' .
He was born Edward Rickenbacher ( without a middle name ) in Columbus , Ohio to German-speaking Swiss immigrants .
According to Rickenbacker 's autobiography , at age thirteen , his schooling ended in grade seven after the accidental death of his father on August 26 , 1904 .
From childhood , he loved machines and experimented with them , encouraged by his father 's words : `` A machine has to have a purpose '' .
He was also a race car driver and automotive designer , a government consultant in military matters and a pioneer in air transportation , particularly as the longtime head of Eastern Air Lines .
Rickenbacker found jobs to help support the family , but driven by an intense admiration for machines , Rickenbacker taught himself as much as he could , including enrolling in a correspondence course in engineering .
Medal of Honor citation , awarded November 6 , 1930
Rickenbacker became well known as a race car driver , competing in the Indianapolis 500 four times before World War I , and earning the nickname `` Fast Eddie '' .
In what was to become one of the defining characteristics of Rickenbacker 's life , he nearly died many times in events ranging from an early run-in with a horse-drawn carriage , to a botched tonsillectomy , to airplane crashes .
Rickenbacker 's most lasting business endeavor was his longtime leadership of Eastern Air Lines .
Charles Wade Barkley ( born February 20 , 1963 ) is a retired American professional basketball player and current analyst on the television program Inside the NBA .
Nicknamed `` Chuck '' , `` Sir Charles '' , and `` The Round Mound of Rebound '' , Barkley established himself as one of the National Basketball Association 's ( NBA 's ) most dominating power forwards .
It was created in 1934 by A.W. Leo , Tom Yates , Ralph Harrison as an ice cream topping in a converted garage in Fullerton , Calif. ; customers later discovered that it made an appealing drink when mixed with water .
Hawaiian Punch is a brand of fruit punch drinks containing 5 % fruit juice owned by Dr Pepper Snapple Group , Inc. ( DPS ) .
The name comes from the source of the original recipe 's main ingredients .
The main criteria by which one can distinguish between different market structures are : the number and size of producers and consumers in the market , the type of goods and services being traded , and the degree to which information can flow freely .
The correct sequence of the market structure from most to least competitive is perfect competition , imperfect competition , oligopoly , and pure monopoly .
The imperfectly competitive structure is quite identical to the realistic market conditions where some monopolistic competitors , monopolists , oligopolists , and duopolists exist and dominate the market conditions .
These somewhat abstract concerns tend to determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade .
Robert and Wanda Bush were the parents of three sons and a daughter .
He died from cancer on November 8 , 2005 , in Olympia , Washington , aged 79 .
He participated in the invasion of Okinawa and was wounded during an attack on a rifle company that he was on patrol with on May 2 , 1945 .
Former NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw wrote a chapter about Bush in his World War II book The Greatest Generation ( 1998 ) .
He founded the Bayview Lumber Company at South Bend , Washington in 1951 and Bayview Redi-Mix at Elma , WA , building both into multi-million dollar businesses .
At 18 years of age , for his gallantry at Okinawa , Bush was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Harry S. Truman in a White House ceremony on October 5 , 1945 .
He later studied business administration at the University of Washington .
After the war , he returned to finish high school and to marry his high school sweetheart , Wanda .
It has been said that few , if any , First Ladies worked as consistently before their marriage as did Pat Nixon .
During this time she worked on the family farm , and also at a local bank as a janitor and bookkeeper .
She attended Fullerton Junior College and later the University of Southern California .
She appeared as part of a brief walk-on in the 1935 film Becky Sharp , as well as the 1936 film The Great Ziegfeld .
While Richard Nixon served in the Navy during World War II , Pat worked as a government economist living in San Francisco .
Thelma Catherine `` Pat '' Ryan Nixon ( March 16 , 1912 - June 22 , 1993 ) was the wife of Richard Nixon , 37th President of the United States , and thus First Lady of the United States from 1969 to 1974 .
Pat Nixon had an interest in adding artifacts to the Executive Mansion , and built on Jacqueline Kennedy 's more publicized efforts .
When they entered the White House in 1969 , the Nixons began inviting families to non-denominational Sunday church services in the East Room of the White House .
She added more than 600 paintings and furnishings to the White House and its collections , the largest number of acquisitions by any administration .
After graduating from Excelsior High School in 1929 , she attended Fullerton Junior College .
She paid for her education by working odd jobs , including as a driver , a pharmacy manager , a telephone operator , and a typist .
Pat accepted a position as a high school teacher in Whittier , California .
While in Whittier , Pat Ryan met a young lawyer fresh out of Duke University law school , Richard Milhous Nixon .
There were many causes to the Meiji Restoration .
The leaders of the Meiji Restoration , as this revolution came to be known , acted in the name of restoring imperial rule in order to strengthen Japan against the threat represented by the colonial powers of the day .
The Meiji Restoration ( 明治維新 , Meiji Ishin ? )
The club won their second FA Trophy title on 8 May 2010 after beating Stevenage Borough 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium .
Barrow have since spent their time in the top two levels of non-league football and have twice won non-league football 's most prestigious cup competition , the FA Trophy - in 1990 and 2010 , becoming the only club to have won the Trophy at both old and new Wembley Stadium .
Attendances at the club 's Holker Street ground vary - the home record of 16,874 was set against Swansea City in the FA Cup Third Round in 1954 - but during the 1990s and 2000s the average remained consistently between 800 and 1,500 .
The club colors are blue and white , though the combination of these has varied over time , leading to their nickname `` The Bluebirds '' .
The club spent over fifty years in the Football League between 1921 and 1972 , achieving promotion to Division 3 by finishing 3rd in the Football League Fourth Division in the 1966-67 season .
Halimede is about 62 kilometers in diameter ( assuming an albedo of 0.04 ) and appears neutral ( gray ) in the visible light .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman et al. on August 14 , 2002 .
Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 ( IAUC 8802 ) , Halimede was known by the provisional designation S\/2002 N 1 .
Halimede , or Neptune IX , like many of the outer satellites of Neptune , is named after one of the Nereids , the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris .
Given the very similar color of the satellite to that of Nereid together with the high probability ( 41 % ) of collision in the past lifespan of the Solar System , it has been suggested that the satellite could be a fragment of Nereid .
Halimede has the second most eccentric and third most inclined orbit around Neptune .
He started his working career as a correspondent for `` Soviet Karabagh '' newspaper , becoming its Deputy Editor-in-Chief in 1981 .
In 1991 Ghukasyan was elected to the first Parliament of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic .
Ghukasyan has been a member of Nagorno-Karabakh 's Security Council since 1993 .
Born in Stepanakert , in the Nagorno Karabakh Autonomous Republic of the Azerbaijan SSR on 22 June 1957 , he graduated in 1979 from Yerevan State University with a degree in linguistics .
He survived an assassination attempt in 2000 .
He was elected as the President on 8 September 1997 and re-elected in 2002 , until his term ended on 19 July 2007 and was succeeded by Bako Sahakyan .
Arkadi Ghukasyan ( Armenian : Արկադի Ղուկասյան , born 22 June 1957 ) was the third President of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic .
On 23 July 1993 he became the first Foreign Minister of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic .
Some systems ( particularly older , microcode-based architectures ) can also perform various transcendental functions such as exponential or trigonometric calculations , though in most modern processors these are done with software library routines .
A floating-point unit ( FPU , colloquially a math coprocessor ) is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on floating point numbers .
In a general purpose computer architectures , one or more FPUs may be integrated with the central processing unit ; however many embedded processors do not have hardware support for floating-point operations .
Typical operations are addition , subtraction , multiplication , division , square root , bitshifting .
When a CPU is executing a program that calls for a floating-point operation , there are three ways to carry it out : Some systems implemented floating point via a coprocessor rather than as an integrated unit .
Emery was chosen 99th overall by the Senators in the 2001 NHL entry draft .
On July 9 , 2008 , it was announced that Emery had signed a one-year , $ 2M contract with Atlant Mytishchi of the Russian KHL .
In March 2010 , GM Paul Holmgren announced that Emery would be out for remainder of the season due to avascular necrosis and that a bone graft would be done to alleviate his hip issues .
In June 2013 , Emery won his first Stanley Cup when the Chicago Blackhawks defeated the Boston Bruins in 6 games during the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals .
On June 10 , 2009 , the Philadelphia Flyers announced that Emery had signed a one-year deal for a reported $ 1.5 million .
On February 7 , 2011 , Emery signed a one year , two-way contract with the Anaheim Ducks and led the Ducks into the playoffs , finishing tied for fourth in the league and posting a 7-2-0 record with 2.28 goals-against average ( GAA ) and .926 save percentage ( SV % ) in 10 regular season NHL appearances .
Ray Emery ( born September 28 , 1982 ) , often nicknamed Razor or Sugar Ray , is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
However , on June 20 , 2008 , the Ottawa Senators waived Emery , and then bought out his contract after a string of off-ice incidents caused the organization to sour on him .
Emery led the Ottawa Senators to the Stanley Cup finals in 2007 .
To the west , it includes the territory of Valdivia through Tierra del Fuego archipelago .
Patagonia is a region located at the southern end of South America , shared by Argentina and Chile .
The region comprises the southern section of the Andes mountains to the southwest towards the Pacific Ocean and from the east of the mountain range to the valleys it follows the Colorado River south towards Carmen de Patagones in the Atlantic Ocean .
It was used by Magellan in 1520 to describe the native people that his expedition thought to be giants .
It is now believed that the people he called the Patagons were Tehuelches , who tended to be taller than Europeans of the time .
During the 1980s he published Loving a Woman in Two Worlds , The Wingéd Life : Selected Poems and Prose of Thoreau , The Man in the Black Coat Turns , and A Little Book on the Human Shadow .
In 1968 , he signed the `` Writers and Editors War Tax Protest '' pledge , vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the war .
Robert Bly ( born December 23 , 1926 ) is an American poet , author , activist and leader of the mythopoetic men 's movement .
When he won the National Book Award for The Light Around the Body , he contributed the prize money to that resistance .
Bly 's early collection of poems , Silence in the Snowy Fields , was published in 1962 , and its plain , imagistic style had considerable influence on American verse of the next two decades .
In 1966 , Bly co-founded American Writers Against the Vietnam War and went on to lead much of the opposition to that war among writers .
During the 1970s , he published eleven books of poetry , essays , and translations , celebrating the power of myth , Indian ecstatic poetry , meditation , and storytelling .
Perhaps his most famous work is Iron John : A Book About Men ( 1990 ) , an international bestseller which has been translated into many languages and is credited with starting the Mythopoetic men 's movement in the United States .
The following year , he published `` A Wrong Turning in American Poetry '' , an essay in which he argued that the vast majority of American poetry from 1917 to 1963 was lacking in soul and `` inwardness '' as a result of a focus on impersonality and an objectifying , intellectual view of the world that Bly believed was instigated by the Modernists and formed the aesthetic of most post-World War II American poetry .
This novel was based on Card 's short story `` Mikal 's Songbird '' .
Songmaster ( 1980 ) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card .
The story of the Songmaster occurs in a future human empire , and follows Ansset , a beautiful young boy whose perfect singing voice has the power of amplifying people 's emotions , making him both a potential healer and destroyer .
He is trained in the art of singing so beautifully that his songs can express ideas and emotions more truthfully than words .
Mansfield became a major Broadway star in 1955 , a major Hollywood star in 1956 , and a leading celebrity in 1957 .
Their daughter , Jayne Marie Mansfield , was born on November 8 , 1950 .
Jayne Mansfield ( born Vera Jayne Palmer ; April 19 , 1933 - June 29 , 1967 ) was an American actress in film , theater , and television , a nightclub entertainer , a singer , and one of the early Playboy Playmates .
During this marriage she had three children , Miklós Jeffrey Palmer Hargitay ( born December 21 , 1958 ) , Zoltán Anthony Hargitay ( born August 1 , 1960 ) , and Mariska Magdolna Hargitay ( see below ) .
She was one of Hollywood 's original blonde bombshells , and although many people have never seen her movies , Mansfield remains one of the most recognizable icons of 1950s celebrity culture .
With the decrease of the demand for big-breasted blonde bombshells and the increase in the negative backlash against her over-publicity , she became a box-office has-been by the early 1960s .
The couple had one son , Antonio Raphael Ottaviano ( a.k.a. Tony Cimber , born October 18 , 1965 ) .
Nude photographs of Mansfield on the set were published in the June 1963 issue of Playboy , which resulted in obscenity charges against Hugh Hefner in Chicago city court .
In the three years since making her Broadway debut in Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
Mansfield received her first starring film role as Jerri Jordan in the Frank Tashlin 's The Girl Ca n't Help It ( 1956 ) .
20th Century Fox immediately signed a six-year contract with her in an effort to replace Marilyn Monroe , their resident blonde bombshell , who was in trouble with the studio at the time .
She was the only child of Herbert William ( 1904-1936 ) , of German ancestry , and Vera Jeffrey Palmer ( 1903-2000 ) , of English descent .
She married Paul James Mansfield on May 10 , 1950 .
Mansfield became involved with her third husband Matt Cimber ( a.k.a. Matteo Ottaviano , né Thomas Vitale Ottaviano ) , an Italian-born film director , when he directed her in a well-reviewed stage production of Bus Stop in Yonkers , New York costarring Hargitay .
During the filming of the feature , Mansfield still worked on Broadway with Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
Both co-starred Mickey Hargitay and were well-reviewed .
( 1963 ) , she became the first major American actress to have a nude starring role in a Hollywood motion picture .
After the divorce she decided to keep `` Mansfield '' as her professional name .
Her short story `` New Zealand '' won first place in the 2003 PPW Paul Gillette Memorial Writing Contest , and was the winner of the Rocky Mountain Fiction Writers Short Story Anthology Contest .
Seven were published before she met a literary agent who agreed to publish her first novel , A Real Basket Case .
`` Flamingo Fatality '' won the Great Manhattan Mystery Conclave Short Story Anthology Contest in 2005 , and her 2005 short story `` Lucky Bear '' placed first in the Storyteller Magazine Flash Fiction Contest .
Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade , and in high school took an independent study in English .
It was published in 2007 , and was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Groundwater 's short stories have won several contests .
She went to the College of William and Mary and earned a degree in Psychology and Computer Science in 1978 .
Her first novel , A Real Basket Case , was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Another of Groundwater 's short stories has been adapted into a live theater performance .
After attending multiple writers ' conventions , she began writing short stories .
A Real Basket Case was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Of her short stories , nine have been published including one translated into Persian .
Beth Groundwater is an American author who has written three novels .
She worked as a software engineer until 1999 , then decided to become a writer .
The Division of Cowan is an Australian Electoral Division in Western Australia .
The division was created in 1984 and is named for Edith Cowan , the first woman elected to an Australian Parliament .
It is located in the northern suburbs of Perth , including the suburbs of Girrawheen , Greenwood , Kingsley , Landsdale , Woodvale and Marangaroo .
Finally , in 1949 , the National Olympic Committee for Germany was founded in the Western Federal Republic of Germany .
They renamed their NOC to Nationales Olympisches Komitee der DDR in 1965 .
Accordingly , the `` NOC of the GDR '' joined the `` NOC of Germany '' on 17 November 1990 .
The East German Nationales Olympisches Komitee für Ostdeutschland authority refused to send their athletes to the 1952 games as participants of an all-German team , demanding a team of their own .
It is widely believed that doping ( predominantly anabolic steroids ) allowed East Germany , with its small population , to become a world leader in the following two decades .
German athletes from the two remaining states competed at the Olympic Games in 1956 , 1960 and 1964 as the United Team of Germany .
This was improved upon at five winter games , with 4 second place rankings and a first in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
This is thought to indicate that doping was not the only reason East Germany was so successful ( and more successful than West Germany in particular ) in the Olympics , with professional training conditions also being significant .
It won a large number of Olympic and world gold medals and records .
German athletes competed at the Olympic Games as a single team again from 1992 onwards .
It was not recognized by the IOC for over a decade .
As a result , the majority of records and medals won by East German athletes still stand .
The small French-occupied Saarland and its NOC ( SAA ) joined the Federal Republic of Germany after 1955 , having not been allowed to join the German counterparts previously .
Raskildinskoye Rural Settlement ( Russian : Раскильдинское се́льское поселе́ние ; Chuvash : Ураскилт ял тăрăхĕ , Uraskilt jal tărăkhĕ ) is an administrative and municipal division ( a rural settlement ) of Alikovsky District of the Chuvash Republic , Russia .
The Cheboksary-Yadrin and Cheboksary-Krasnye Chetai highways cross the territory of the rural settlement .
Rural settlement 's population : 1,366 ( 2006 est. ) .
Raskildinskoye Rural Settlement comprises five rural localities .
It is located in the western part of the district .
Its administrative center is the rural locality ( a selo ) of Raskildino .
On that day , at Camp Radcliff , Republic of Vietnam , Kawamura smothered an enemy-thrown explosive with his body , sacrificing his life to protect those around him .
Kawamura joined the Army from Oahu , Hawaii in 1968 , and by March 20 , 1969 , was serving as a Corporal in the 173rd Engineer Company , 173rd Airborne Brigade .
Kawamura , aged 19 at his death , was buried in Mililani Memorial Park , Mililani Town , Hawaii .
Corporal Kawamura 's official Medal of Honor citation reads : The gate facing east connecting Wheeler Army Airfield with Mililani is named in honor of CPL Kawamura .
, December 10 , 1949 - March 20 , 1969 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration-the Medal of Honor-for his actions in the Vietnam War .
this is what the Lord , the God of Israel , says : ` The jar of flour will not be used up and the jug of oil will not run dry until the day the Lord gives rain on the land . ''
Some time later the widow 's son dies and the widow cries , `` Did you come to remind me of my sin and kill my son ? ''
This is the first instance of raising the dead recorded in Scripture .
Suddenly , a chariot of fire and horses of fire appear and Elijah is lifted up in a whirlwind .
If the Lord is God , follow him ; but if Baal then follow him '' ( 1 Kings 18:21 ) .
Derivative references to Elijah appear in the Talmud , Mishnah , the New Testament and the Qur ` an .
Elijah travels for forty days and forty nights to Mount Horeb , where Moses had received the Ten Commandments .
While on his way , Elijah meets Obadiah , the head of Ahab 's household , who had hidden a hundred prophets of the God of Israel when Ahab and Jezebel had been killing them .
The people of Israel , 450 prophets of Baal , and 400 prophets of Asherah are summoned to Mount Carmel .
In addition , he had 13 goals and 12 assists in 35 games for two IHL clubs .
With the Knights , Peterson had 28 points in 69 regular season games , but went scoreless in three playoff games .
The 1997-98 season saw Peterson again split time between the NHL and minor league hockey ; he tallied five goals in 19 games for the Lightning , and 20 goals and 39 assists for the IHL 's Milwaukee Admirals .
In 1991-92 , Peterson began playing college hockey with the Western Collegiate Hockey Association 's Michigan Tech Huskies .
He played his final NHL games in the 1998-99 season , when he posted two goals and his only NHL assist in 20 games for the Lightning .
In 48 regular season games , he recorded 27 goals and 40 assists , and added eight goals and nine assists in 10 playoff games .
Peterson moved to Europe for the 2000-01 season , beginning the season with the SCL Tigers in Switzerland 's National League A. In 10 games , he recorded three goals and two assists before moving to Germany to play for the Deutsche Eishockey Liga 's Kassel Huskies .
In 1996-97 , Peterson spent most of his playing time with the American Hockey League 's Adirondack Red Wings , for whom he scored 45 points in the regular season and four in the playoffs .
In the 1993 NHL Supplemental Draft , Peterson was chosen as the third overall selection by the Tampa Bay Lightning .
During the 1999-00 season , Peterson spent the entire campaign with the Admirals , the Predators ' IHL affiliate , scoring 32 points in the regular season and five in the playoffs .
During that season , he made his NHL debut with the Lightning , and scored two goals in 17 games .
Peterson joined the United States Hockey League 's Thunder Bay Flyers for the 1990-91 season , at the age of eighteen .
Peterson 's statistical production declined slightly in his last college season , 1995-96 , as he posted 20 goals and 16 assists .
Peterson finished 2000-01 season with the Tigers and spent three more seasons with the club ; his best statistical season in Germany was 2002-03 , when he had 25 regular season points , along with three in the playoffs .
After scoring 20 points in the 1992-93 season , Peterson increased his point total to 42 in 1993-94 .
In 1994-95 , he scored 25 goals and had 21 assists ; both totals were the highest of his college career , as was his 46 points .
In March 1999 , the Lightning traded Peterson to the Pittsburgh Penguins organization .
After his three NHL seasons , Peterson spent four seasons in Europe , playing for teams in Switzerland and Germany .
Following the end of his college career , he was sent to the Atlanta Knights , the Lightning 's affiliate in the minor league International Hockey League ( IHL ) .
He became a free agent after the season , and the Nashville Predators signed him .
Peterson , a left winger , played in 56 National Hockey League ( NHL ) games over three seasons with the Tampa Bay Lightning , scoring nine goals and assisting on one .
Brent Peterson ( born July 20 , 1972 ) is a former professional ice hockey player .
, in 2013 .
Clarkson continued singing and soon started classical training , hoping that music would be her ticket to a college scholarship .
Her mother is a descendant of Republican state senator Isaiah Rose , whose life story was discussed on Clarkson 's episode of Who Do You Think You Are ?
She sang at her high school talent show , after which an audience member shared some inspiring words with her : `` God has given you this gift .
You 've got to sing .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson ( born April 24 , 1982 ) is an American singer-songwriter and occasional actress .
Clarkson graduated from Burleson High School , where she performed in several musicals , such as Annie Get Your Gun , Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Brigadoon .
She initially wanted to become a marine biologist , but changed her mind after viewing the film Jaws .
Her ancestry includes Greek ( from a maternal great-grandfather ) , English , Irish , German , and Scottish .
You 're destined to sing . ''
Upon graduating from high school , Clarkson was offered full scholarships to The University of Texas at Austin , University of North Texas , and Berklee College of Music , but later declined them , explaining : `` I 've already written so much music and wanted to try a career on my own '' adding , `` you 're never too old to go to college . ''
Billboard also ranked Clarkson as the 14th-best-selling artist of the 2000s and one of the top 200 album sellers of the Nielsen SoundScan era at number 187 .
Clarkson was educated at Pauline Hughes Middle School and in the seventh grade , the school 's choir teacher , Cynthia Glenn , overheard her singing in a hallway and asked her to audition for the school choir .
Clarkson 's parents divorced when she was five years old , following which her brother lived with their father , she stayed with their mother , and her sister went to live with an aunt .
Edmund Stoiber was born in Oberaudorf in the district of Rosenheim , Bavaria .
In 1967 he passed the state law exam and then worked at the University of Regensburg in criminal law and Eastern European law .
He is married to Karin Stoiber .
As such he served as President of the Bundesrat in 1995\/96 .
Football legend , former FC Bayern President and DFB Vice-President , Franz Beckenbauer , on the other hand , showed his support for Stoiber by letting him join the German national football team on their flight home from Japan after the 2002 FIFA World Cup .
In 1978 Stoiber was elected secretary general of the CSU , a post he held until 1982\/83 .
Stoiber is a keen football fan and he serves as Co-Chairman on the Advisory Board of FC Bayern Munich .
Before the 2002 election FC Bayern General Manager Uli Hoeneß expressed his support for Stoiber and the CSU .
Gerhard Schröder was re-elected as chancellor by the parliament in a coalition with the Greens .
However , on election day things had changed .
The SPD had mounted a huge comeback , and the CDU\/CSU was narrowly defeated ( though both the SPD and CDU\/CSU had 38.5 % of the vote , the SPD was ahead by a small 6,000 vote margin ) .
Following his military service , Stoiber studied political science and then , in the fall 1962 in Munich , law .
From 1982 to 1986 he served as deputy to the Bavarian secretary of the state and then as minister of state from 1982 to 1988 .
From 1988 to 1993 he served as Minister of the Interior and in May 1993 , the Bavarian Landtag ( parliament ) elected him as minister-president succeeding Max Streibl .
Prior to entering politics in 1974 and serving in the Bavarian parliament , he was a lawyer and worked at the University of Regensburg .
Stoiber attended the Ignaz-Günther-Gymnasium in Rosenheim , where he received his Abitur ( high school diploma ) in 1961 , although he had to repeat one year for failing in Latin .
In the run up to the 2002 election the CSU\/CDU held a huge lead in the opinion polls and Stoiber famously remarked that '' ... this election is like a football match where it 's the second half and my team is ahead by 2-0 . ''
He was awarded a doctorate of jurisprudence , and then in 1971 passed the second state examination with distinction .
In 2002 , Stoiber politically outmaneuvered CDU chairwoman , Angela Merkel , and was elected the CDU\/CSU 's candidate for the office of chancellor , challenging Gerhard Schröder .
Throughout history , goddesses have been portrayed as the mother of the universe , through whose powers the universe is created and destroyed .
The concept of Mahadevi as the supreme goddess emerged in historical religious literature as a term to define the powerful and influential nature of female deities in India .
The gradual changes in belief through time shape the concept of Mahadevi and express how the different Goddesses , though very different in personality , all carry the power of the universe on their shoulders .
Often these beings are depicted in humanoid or partially humanoid forms , complete with a set of unique and complex iconography in each case .
She grew up in a working-class family with five sisters and one brother .
Gloria Jean Watkins ( born September 25 , 1952 ) , better known by her pen name bell hooks , is an American author , feminist , and social activist .
Stev is a form of Scandinavian folk song consisting of four line lyric stanzas .
On November 6 , 2003 , version 2.0 of America 's Army was released , with the full title of America 's Army : Special Forces .
All versions have been developed on the Unreal Engine .
She is the only child of Teresa Augello , a paralegal and part-time actress , and Craig Cook , a flight attendant .
Alicia Augello Cook ( born January 25 , 1981 ) , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American R&B singer-songwriter , pianist , musician , record producer , and actress .
Keys ' mother is of half Italian and half English , Irish , and Scottish descent , and Keys ' father is African American ; Keys has expressed that she was comfortable with her biracial heritage because she felt she was able to `` relate to different cultures '' .
Keys was born Alicia Augello Cook on January 25 , 1981 , in the Hell 's Kitchen area of Manhattan , in New York City .
Delaney made his World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) debut as a jobber , seen wrestling on the ECW brand .
Colin Matthew Delaney ( born September 7 , 1986 ) is an American professional wrestler , best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment .
On August 15 , 2008 , Delaney was released from his WWE contract due to budget cuts .
There are two main types of matches : safety matches , which can be struck only against a specially prepared surface , and strike-anywhere matches , for which any suitably frictional surface can be used .
The head of the match consisted of a mixture of potassium chlorate , sulfur , sugar , and rubber .
The match was ignited by dipping its tip in a small asbestos bottle filled with sulfuric acid .
But the first modern , self-igniting match was invented in 1805 by Jean Chancel , assistant to Professor Louis Jacques Thénard of Paris .
The coated end of a match , known as the match `` head '' , contains either phosphorus or phosphorus sesquisulfide as the active ingredient and gelatin as a binder .
This kind of match was expensive and its usage was dangerous , so Chancel 's matches did not become common .
A match is a tool for starting a fire .
The original meaning of the word still persists in some pyrotechnics terms , such as black match ( a black-powder-impregnated fuse ) and Bengal match ( a firework akin to sparklers producing a relatively long-burning , colored flame ) .
Dr. Gordon Freeman is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the Half-Life video game series .
In its sequel , Half-Life 2 , Gordon is introduced to a dystopian world years after the Black Mesa incident , along with an interdimensional alien overlord force known as the Combine , which took advantage of the interdimensional portals and has established itself as the ruling force on Earth .
As Gordon , the player fights through the facility alongside fellow employees , engaging the aliens as well as a black-op military unit sent in to contain the situation and silence any surviving witnesses .
The cheetah has unusually low genetic variability .
The cheetah ( Acinonyx jubatus ) is a large feline ( family Felidae , subfamily Felinae ) inhabiting most of Africa and parts of the Middle East .
The Avery-MacLeod-McCarty experiment was an experimental demonstration , reported in 1944 by Oswald Avery , Colin MacLeod , and Maclyn McCarty , that DNA is the substance that causes bacterial transformation , in an era when it had been widely believed that it was proteins that served the function of carrying genetic information ( with the very word protein itself coined to indicate a belief that its function was primary ) .
It was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research to purify and characterize the `` transforming principle '' responsible for the transformation phenomenon first described in Griffith 's experiment of 1928 : killed Streptococcus pneumoniae of the virulent strain type III-S , when injected along with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococci , resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococci .
In their paper `` Studies on the Chemical Nature of the Substance Inducing Transformation of Pneumococcal Types : Induction of Transformation by a Deoxyribonucleic Acid Fraction Isolated from Pneumococcus Type III '' , published in the February 1944 issue of the Journal of Experimental Medicine , Avery and his colleagues suggest that DNA , rather than protein as widely believed at the time , may be the hereditary material of bacteria , and could be analogous to genes and\/or viruses in higher organisms .
Water Lilies ( or Nymphéas , pronounced : ( nɛ̃ .
Many of the works were painted while Monet suffered from cataracts .
a ) ) is a series of approximately 250 oil paintings by French Impressionist Claude Monet ( 1840-1926 ) .
The paintings are on display at museums all over the world , including the Musée Marmottan Monet and the musée d'Orsay in Paris , the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York , the Art Institute of Chicago , the Saint Louis Art Museum , the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art in Kansas City , Missouri , the Carnegie Museum of Art , the National Museum of Wales , the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Nantes , the Cleveland Museum of Art , the Portland Art Museum and the Legion of Honor .
The paintings depict Monet 's flower garden at Giverny and were the main focus of Monet 's artistic production during the last thirty years of his life .
A financial statement ( or financial report ) is a formal record of the financial activities of a business , person , or other entity .
Ian Bryce Wallace OBE ( 10 July 1919 - 12 October 2009 ) was an English bass-baritone opera and concert singer , actor and broadcaster of Scottish extraction .
Emperor Palpatine ( Ian McDiarmid ) and Darth Vader ( David Prowse\/James Earl Jones ) send the Rebels false information that the station 's weapons systems are not operational in order to lure them into a trap , and bring Luke on board to turn him to the dark side of the Force .
In the film 's climax , a reformed Vader throws Palpatine down the station 's reactor core , killing him , and is mortally wounded in the process .
The original Death Star 's completed form appears in Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope .
The first Death Star 's schematics are visible in Star Wars Episode II : Attack of the Clones , and is shown early in construction at the end of Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith .
A Death Star is a fictional space station and superweapon appearing in the Star Wars science-fiction franchise created by George Lucas .
Portraying an incomplete yet powerful space station posed a problem for Industrial Light & Magic 's modelmakers for Star Wars Episode VI : Return of the Jedi .
The film opens with Leia Organa ( Carrie Fisher ) transporting the station 's schematics to the Rebel Alliance to aid them in destroying the Death Star .
Only the front side of the 137-centimeter model was completed , and the image was flipped horizontally for the final film .
Commanded by Grand Moff Tarkin ( Peter Cushing ) , it is the Galactic Empire 's `` ultimate weapon '' , a space station capable of destroying a planet with one shot of its superlaser .
Tarkin orders the Death Star to destroy Leia 's home world of Alderaan in an attempt to pressure her into giving him the location of the secret Rebel base ; she gives them the false location of Dantooine , which Tarkin disbelieves , and has Alderaan destroyed instead .
The buzzing sound counting down to the Death Star firing its superlaser comes from the Flash Gordon serials .
Both Death Stars were depicted by a combination of complete and sectional models and matte paintings .
Although particular details , such as the superlaser 's location , shifted between different concept models during production of Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope , the notion of the Death Star being a large , spherical space station was consistent in all of them .
Maritime boundaries also help in determining the limits of Exclusive Economic Zones ( EEZs ) and continental shelves .
Also once the boundaries are defined , it would help in the determination of the maritime boundaries which are drawn as an extension of onshore reference points .
A verdict was reached in 1968 which saw Pakistan getting 10 % of its claim of 9,000 km ² ( 3,500 sq. miles ) .
India rejects the Pakistani stance by maintaining the fact that the creek is navigable in high tide , and that fishing trawlers use it to go out to sea .
India supports its stance by citing the Thalweg Doctrine in International Law .
The creek , which opens up into the Arabian Sea , divides the Kutch region of the Indian state of Gujarat with the Sindh province of Pakistan .
EEZs extend to 200 nautical miles ( 370 km ) and can be subjected to commercial exploitation .
After India 's independence in 1947 , Sindh became a part of Pakistan while Kutch remained a part of India .
The law states that river boundaries between two states may be , if the two states agree , divided by the mid-channel .
In April 1965 , a dispute there contributed to the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 , when fighting broke out between India and Pakistan .
If the boundary line is demarcated according to the Thalweg principle , Pakistan stands to lose a considerable portion of the territory that was historically part of the province of Sindh .
From this point onwards , the boundary is unambiguously fixed as defined by the Tribunal Award of 1968 .
Much of the region is rich in oil and gas below the sea bed , and control over the creek would have a huge bearing on the energy potential of each nation .
The resolution , which demarcated the boundaries between the two territories , included the creek as part of Sindh , thus setting the boundary as the eastern flank of the creek .
Though Pakistan does not dispute the 1925 map , it maintains that the Doctrine is not applicable in this case as it only applies to bodies of water that are navigable , which the Sir Creek is not .
Later the same year , British Prime Minister Harold Wilson successfully persuaded both countries to end hostilities and set up a tribunal to resolve the dispute .
The long-standing dispute hinges in the actual demarcation `` from the mouth of Sir Creek to the top of Sir Creek , and from the top of Sir Creek eastward to a point on the line designated on the Western Terminus '' .
The Sir Creek is a 96 km ( 60 mi ) strip of water disputed between India and Pakistan in the Rann of Kutch marshlands .
Acceding to India 's stance would also result in the shifting of the land\/sea terminus point several kilometres to the detriment of Pakistan , leading in turn to a loss of several thousand square kilometres of its Exclusive Economic Zone under the United Nations Convention on Law of the Sea .
At that time , the provincial region was a part of Bombay Presidency of British India .
Pakistan lays claim to the entire creek as per paras 9 and 10 of the Bombay Government Resolution of 1914 signed between then the Government of Sindh and Rao Maharaj of Kutch .
The boundary line , known as the `` Green Line '' , is disputed by India which maintains that it is an `` indicative line '' , known as a `` ribbon line '' in technical jargon .2 India sticks to its position that the boundary lies mid-channel as depicted in another map drawn in 1925 , and implemented by the installation of mid-channel pillars back in 1924 .
The dispute lies in the interpretation of the boundary line between Kutch and Sindh as depicted in a 1914 and 1925 map showing the Kori Creek as part of Sind province .
Economic reasons Though the creek has little military value , it holds immense economic gain .
Several cartographic surveys conducted have upheld the Indian claim .2 Another point of concern for Pakistan is that Sir Creek has changed its course considerably over the years .
Bobcats typically live to six or eight years of age , with a few reaching beyond ten .
The bobcat hunts by stalking its prey and then ambushing it with a short chase or pounce .
On 4 September 2013 , Clayton married Mariana Teixeira de Carvalho , a Brazilian supermodel , in a ceremony in Dublin .
He has resided in County Dublin since the time his family moved to Malahide when he was five years old in 1965 .
Adam Clayton is the elder child of Brian and Jo Clayton , born on 13 March 1960 in Chinnor , Oxfordshire , England .
Mark Oliver Everett ( born April 10 , 1963 ) is the lead singer , songwriter , guitarist , keyboardist and sometime drummer of the independent rock band Eels .
Here , Everett began his professional musical career with two major-label albums : A Man Called E and Broken Toy Shop .
Although many churches now take their services from Common Worship or other modern prayer books , if a church has a choir , Choral Evensong from the Book of Common Prayer often remains in use because of the greater musical provision .
Evening Prayer is a liturgy in use in the Anglican Communion ( and other churches in the Anglican tradition , such as the Continuing Anglican Movement and the Anglican Use of the Roman Catholic Church ) and celebrated in the late afternoon or evening .
Each bout lasts for a set number of seconds .
During prime time , there are three bouts : the `` Challenger '' bout ( 300 seconds , or 5 minutes ) , the `` Line Jumper '' bout ( 300 seconds , or 5 minutes , in episode 1 ; 400 seconds , or 6 minutes 40 seconds , from episode 2 on ) , and the `` Winner 's Defense '' bout ( 400 seconds in episodes 1-9 ; 500 seconds , or 8 minutes 20 seconds , in episode 10 ) .
Four bouts are played per hour , with a five-minute pause after each of the first three .
The show follows a group of contestants who compete for up to $ 2 million in a quiz competition across 1,000,000 seconds ( or 11 days , 13 hours , 46 minutes , and 40 seconds ) .
At the end of the bout , the contestant with the higher score wins and either retains the Money Chair or replaces its current occupant .
Contestants may double as often as they wish during a bout .
The `` Challenger '' bout features a person who has successfully completed an on-site tryout process .
If a doubled or doubled-back contestant answers incorrectly or fails to act within five seconds , the points are awarded to his\/her opponent .
Only the four contestants with the highest total winnings get to keep their money once the million seconds are up .
Contestants compete in a quiz competition played 24 hours a day for 1,000,000 seconds , or about eleven and a half days .
Questions start at one point each , with the value increasing by one every 100 seconds .
A doubled opponent may either answer or `` double back , '' quadrupling the point value and forcing the original contestant to answer .
The fourth bout is followed by an 11-minute break , in which the contestant may eat , drink , or use the restroom as necessary .
At any time , either contestant may choose to `` double '' instead of answering ; doing so doubles that question 's value and forces the opponent to act .
The quiz is set in a huge hourglass-shaped structure in midtown Manhattan near the entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel , on the roof of a building that was formerly occupied by the `` Mercedes-Benz of Manhattan '' dealership in Hell 's Kitchen .
At any given time , one contestant is sitting in the `` Money Chair '' and accumulating money , while defending his\/her position against a series of challengers in head-to-head quiz bouts .
In all bouts , both participants use keypads to secretly lock in their answers and have five seconds to do so after the question is asked .
Ryan Seacrest hosted the first season .
During a `` Winner 's Defense '' bout , the current `` Power Player '' chooses one of the four Winners ' Row occupants ( including himself\/herself ) to face off against the current Money Chair occupant .
It commenced broadcasting on NBC on September 9 , 2013 .
The Million Second Quiz is an American television game show produced by All3Media America .
The winner claims the loser 's entire winnings in addition to his\/her own and takes\/keeps the Money Chair , while the loser is eliminated .
Once the countdown clock reaches zero , the four contestants with the highest totals keep all of their credited winnings and compete in a series of three elimination bouts , as follows : The victor of bout # 3 receives an additional $ 2,000,000 .
If both of them miss , the contestant who has accumulated more money wins the bout .
Outside of the one-hour television segments , bouts last 500 seconds ( 8 minutes 20 seconds ) , and every question is worth one point ; no doubling is allowed .
The United Nations has also made projections far out into the future , up to 2300 , at which point it projects that life expectancies in most developed countries will be between 100 and 106 years and still rising , though more and more slowly than before .
The UN has warned that these projections are uncertain , and cautions that any change or advancement in medical technology could invalidate such projections .
The Census Bureau also predicted that the United States would have 5.3 million people aged over 100 in 2100 .
The U.S. Census Bureau view on the future of longevity is that life expectancy in the United States will be in the mid-80s by 2050 ( up from 77.85 in 2006 ) and will top out eventually in the low 90s , barring major scientific advances that can change the rate of human aging itself , as opposed to merely treating the effects of aging as is done today .
Longevity has been a topic not only for the scientific community but also for writers of travel , science fiction , and utopian novels .
Reflections on longevity have usually gone beyond acknowledging the brevity of human life and have included thinking about methods to extend life .
Outdoor wood sculptures do not last long in most parts of the world , so that we have little idea how the totem pole tradition developed .
In England , many complete examples remain from the 16th and 17th century , where oak was the preferred medium .
Some of the finest extant examples of early European wood carving are from the Middle Ages in Germany , Russia , Italy and France , where the typical themes of that era were Christian iconography .
Wood carving is a form of working wood by means of a cutting tool ( knife ) in one hand or a chisel by two hands or with one hand on a chisel and one hand on a mallet , resulting in a wooden figure or figurine , or in the sculptural ornamentation of a wooden object .
Many of the most important sculptures of China and Japan in particular are in wood , and the great majority of African sculpture and that of Oceania and other regions .
It is also much easier to work than stone .
The making of sculpture in wood has been extremely widely practiced but survives much less well than the other main materials such as stone and bronze as it is vulnerable to decay , insect damage , and fire .
Tropical Storm Arthur was the first tropical cyclone of the 2002 Atlantic hurricane season .
The airport has a flight training school with two classrooms , fuel facilities and a seafood outlet .
It is primarily used for scenic flights , private aircraft and flight training .
Barwon Heads Airport ( ICAO : YBRS ) is a small airfield specifically for light aircraft on the Bellarine Peninsula near the township of Barwon Heads , Victoria , Australia .
Their concerns are that the airport runway is too close to many proposed drop zones that have been suggested .
In 2005 , a ban was placed on skydiving in the vicinity of the airport .
A shower and toilets are located in the terminal building , there is a kitchen , snack and drink machines and a lounge area .
The airport has two runways , the main one is a gravel north\/south runway , and there is a smaller east\/west grass runway , primarily for ultralight aircraft , and light aircraft in stronger wind conditions .
Airport owners claimed that the illegal runway was compromising the safety of airport users .
In early 2008 , a local council permit was given to construct another five hangars and associated carparking .
The owners of Barwon Heads Airport have regularly raised their concerns in relation to skydiving being conducted in the vicinity of the airport .
The airport has remained small and undeveloped until recently , where development is soon to commence .
In 2008 , airport owners accused the business Skydive City of using an illegal runway 200 m ( 660 ft ) from the airport days after the business was evicted from an airport hangar for failing to pay rent .
The term `` memory '' when used with reference to computers generally refers to Random Access Memory or RAM .
This strategy is made possible by the common descent of all living organisms , and the conservation of metabolic and developmental pathways and genetic material over the course of evolution .
A model organism is a non-human species that is extensively studied to understand particular biological phenomena , with the expectation that discoveries made in the organism model will provide insight into the workings of other organisms .
What Hanna actually meant , however , was that Cobain smelled like the deodorant Teen Spirit , which his then-girlfriend Tobi Vail wore .
`` Weird Al '' Yankovic parodied the song in 1992 with `` Smells Like Nirvana '' , a song about Nirvana itself .
`` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' has been covered by numerous artists .
Cobain came up with the song 's title when his friend Kathleen Hanna , at the time the lead singer of the riot grrrl band Bikini Kill , spray painted `` Kurt Smells Like Teen Spirit '' on his wall .
`` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' is a song by the American rock band Nirvana .
In undress uniform or on occasions when the medal ribbon alone is worn , a silver rosette is worn on the ribbon to indicate each bar .
The medal is primarily a civilian award , but it may be awarded to military personnel for gallant conduct that is not in the face of the enemy .
The details of all awards to British and Commonwealth recipients are published in the London Gazette .
Recipients are entitled to the postnominal letters GM .
The medal is granted in recognition of `` acts of great bravery . ''
As the Warrant states : Bars are awarded to the GM in recognition of the performance of further acts of bravery meriting the award .
In 1940 , during the height of The Blitz , there was a strong desire to reward the many acts of civilian courage .
Announcing the new award , the King said : The Warrant for the GM ( along with that of the GC ) , dated 24 January 1941 , was published in the London Gazette on 31 January 1941 .
The George Medal ( GM ) is the second level civil decoration of the United Kingdom and Commonwealth .
The existing awards open to civilians were not judged suitable to meet the new situation , therefore it was decided that the George Cross and the GM would be instituted to recognize both civilian gallantry in the face of enemy action and brave deeds more generally .
The GM was instituted on 24 September 1940 by King George VI .
Its provisional designation was S\/2001 ( 617 ) 1 .
Patroclus orbits in Jupiter 's trailing Lagrangian point , L5 , in an area called the ` Trojan node ' after one of the sides in the legendary Trojan War ( the other node , at the L4 point , is called the ` Greek node ' ) .
This scenario was proposed by A. Morbidelli and colleagues in a series of articles published in May 2005 in Nature .
Patroclus is the only object in the Trojan camp to be named after a Greek character ; the naming conventions for the Jupiter trojans were not adopted until after Patroclus was named ( similarly , the asteroid Hektor is the only Trojan character to appear in the Greek camp ) .
It was estimated that the two components orbit around their center of mass in 4.283 ± 0.004 d at a distance of 680 ± 20 km , describing a roughly circular orbit .
It is suspected that many Jupiter trojans are in fact small planetesimals captured in the Lagrange point of Jupiter-Sun system during the migration of the giant planets 3.9 billion years ago .
617 Patroclus ( \/ pəˈtroʊkləs \/ pə-TROH-kləs ) is a binary minor planet made up of two objects of similar size orbiting their common center of gravity .
Because of the density of the components ( 0.8 g\/cm ³ ) is less than water and about one third that of rock , it was suggested that the Patroclus system , previously thought to be a pair of rocky asteroids , is more similar to a comet in composition .
The smaller component , measuring 112 km , is now named Menoetius , after the legendary Patroclus 's father .
In 2001 , it was discovered that Patroclus is a binary object , made up of two components of roughly similar size .
The slightly larger component , which measures 122 km in diameter , retains the name Patroclus .
It was discovered in 1906 by August Kopff , and was the second trojan to be discovered .
In 2006 , accurate measurements of the orbit from the Keck Laser guide star adaptive optics system were reported .
Recent evidence suggests that the objects are icy like comets , rather than rocky like most asteroids .
No replacement by-election was held as the court decision which threw out the results was made shortly before a general election was due .
The Division of Wills is an Australian electoral division of Victoria .
It was named after William John Wills of Burke and Wills fame .
The electorate encompasses many of the suburbs in the City of Moreland in Melbourne 's north , including Brunswick , Coburg , Pascoe Vale , Fawkner , Glenroy and Essendon Airport .
Wills has historically been one of the safest Labor seats in the country , with Labor usually polling over 65 percent of the two-party preferred vote versus the Liberals .
Its highest-profile member was former Prime Minister Bob Hawke .
Wills has been in Labor hands for its entire existence except between the 1992 by-election and 1996 , when it was held by independent Phil Cleary .
The 1992 by-election is remarkable for a number of reasons : It was caused by Bob Hawke 's retirement from parliament ; it had a record twenty-two candidates standing ; it was won by an independent ; the results were thrown out as the winner , Phil Cleary , was on unpaid leave from the state education system ( the Australian Constitution forbids people employed by the Crown from standing for election ) .
Andrew S. Tanenbaum created MINIX at Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam to exemplify the principles conveyed in his textbook , Operating Systems : Design and Implementation ( 1987 ) .
MINIX is a Unix-like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture created by Andrew S. Tanenbaum for educational purposes ; MINIX also inspired the creation of the Linux kernel .
The Pakistan Armed Forces ( Urdu : پاک مُسَلّح افواج , Musallah Afwaj-e-Pakistan ) are the military forces of Pakistan .
Göring joined the Prince Wilhelm Regiment ( 112th Infantry ) of the Prussian army in 1912 .
He was the last commander of Jagdgeschwader 1 , the fighter wing once led by Manfred von Richthofen , the `` Red Baron '' .
The world 's largest skatepark is located in Shanghai .
This species of deer was first made known to Western science in 1866 by Armand David ( Père David ) , a French missionary working in China .
In spite of the small population size , the animals do not appear to suffer genetic problems from the genetic bottleneck .
They reach sexual maturity at about 14 months .
The current world population , now found in zoos around the world , stems from the Woburn Abbey herd .
Brian Jacques remarked that The Great Redwall Feast was `` written a little more for mothers to read to their children , but many Redwall lovers will also enjoy it , because there is the challenge of solving a riddle before the end of the rhyme . ''
The inhabitants of Redwall Abbey prepare a surprise feast for their Abbot .
The Great Redwall Feast is the first Redwall picture book , and it was written in the form of a ballad .
The warm-colored illustrations by Christopher Denise were drawn on brown butcher paper using pastels , and instead of showing the Redwallers preparing for war , it shows them much happier and friendly , at work in their daily lives .
Many characters from Redwall and Mattimeo are present in the book , however , the baby mole Bungo is the only character to appear and not be featured in any other Redwall novel .
The book features the Abbeydwellers bustling in Redwall , cooking , gathering flowers , and doing other chores for their beloved Abbot ( presumably Abbot Mordalfus ) .
It was published in 1996 .
The Great Redwall Feast tells about the creatures of Redwall preparing for a feast while Matthias the Warriormouse , Constance the Badger Guardian , Foremole , and the Abbot are traveling in Mossflower Woods questing for a mysterious Bobbatan Weary Nod .
The Great Redwall Feast was written by Brian Jacques and illustrated by the well-known Redwall artist Christopher Denise .
The shell plates are surrounded by a structure known as a girdle .
The mouth is located on the underside of the animal , and contains a tongue-like structure called a radula , which has numerous rows of 17 teeth each .
Chitons \/ ˈkaɪtənz \/ are small to large marine molluscs in the class Polyplacophora , which formerly was known as Amphineura .
The district is located between the two mountain areas Westerwald and Taunus .
The main river is the Lahn , a tributary of the Rhine River .
A sample that is not random is called a non-random sample or a non-probability sampling .
Founded in 1978 as a section of LUV Graz , it became an independent team twenty years later .
LUV Graz won in 1979 the national Cup , its only national title to date .
They tell the story of three brothers who went fishing , and one of them ate a fish that was forbidden under their law .
To the Wardaman , however , the Coalsack is the head of a lawman .
Seeing this , the Sun carried the two brothers and their canoe up into the sky .
For example , in the central desert region , they are said to be seven sisters fleeing from the unwelcome attentions of a man represented by some of the stars in Orion .
The Kuwema people in the Northern Territory say that he grows fat at each full Moon by devouring the spirits of those who disobey the tribal laws .
She then lights a torch and carries it across the sky from east to west , creating daylight .
The three stars in the constellation 's center , which form Orion 's Belt in Western mythology , are the two brothers ; the Orion Nebula above them is the forbidden fish ; and the bright stars Betelgeuse and Rigel are the bow and stern of the canoe .
The Emu 's head is the very dark Coalsack nebula , next to the Southern Cross ; the body and legs are other dark clouds trailing out along the Milky Way to Scorpius .
On autumn evenings , the emu in the sky stands directly over her portrait , just at the time when it 's time to gather emu eggs .
The Yolngu people of northern Australia say that the constellation of Orion , which they call Julpan , is a canoe .
One of the earliest records of indigenous astronomy was made by William Edward Stanbridge , an Englishman who emigrated to Australia in 1841 and befriended the local Boorong people .
She then puts out her torch , and throughout the night travels underground back to her starting camp in the east .
Many attribute religious or mythological meanings to celestial bodies and phenomena .
Another attraction of the city is the Münchenfest - A National Stout Festival with national and international concerts that lasts a whole week and occurs at late November and the beginning of December .
Ponta Grossa is also home town of the `` Parque Estadual da Vila Velha '' ( State Park of Old Town ) , a park made up of rocky formations formed over millions of years .
With a population of over 330,000 inhabitants , it is the 4th most populous city of Paraná .
The field is often considered to have begun in 1896 with the opening of the first psychological clinic at the University of Pennsylvania by Lightner Witmer .
In the first half of the 20th century , clinical psychology was focused on psychological assessment , with little attention given to treatment .
Since that time , two main educational models have developed-the Ph.D. scientist-practitioner model ( requiring a doctoral dissertation and therefore research as well as clinical expertise ) and , in the U.S. the Psy .
Even as clinical psychology was growing , working with issues of serious mental distress remained the domain of psychiatrists and neurologists .
They generally train within four primary theoretical orientations-psychodynamic , humanistic , behavior therapy\/cognitive-behavioral , and systems or family therapy .
It is found in many Scottish symbols and as the name of several Scottish football clubs .
Other species , including Dwarf Thistle Cirsium acaule , Musk Thistle Carduus nutans , and Melancholy Thistle Cirsium heterophyllum have also been suggested .
The term thistle is sometimes taken to mean exactly those plants in the tribe Cynareae ( synonym : Cardueae ) , especially the genera Carduus , Cirsium , and Onopordum .
Some sources suggest the specific occasion was the Battle of Largs , which marked the beginning of the departure of King Haakon IV ( Haakon the Elder ) of Norway who , having control of the Northern Isles and Hebrides , had harried the coast of the Kingdom of Scotland for some years .
Popular modern usage favors Cotton Thistle Onopordum acanthium , perhaps because of its more imposing appearance , though it is unlikely to have occurred in Scotland in mediaeval times ; the Spear Thistle Cirsium vulgare , an abundant native species in Scotland , is a more likely candidate .
During this operation one barefoot Norseman had the misfortune to step upon a thistle , causing him to cry out in pain , thus alerting Scots to the presence of the Norse invaders .
However , plants outside this tribe are sometimes called thistles , and if this is done thistles would form a polyphyletic group .
It is the symbol of the Order of the Thistle , a high chivalric order of Scotland .
The thistle is also the emblem of Encyclopædia Britannica , which originated in Edinburgh , Scotland .
According to a legend , an invading Norse army was attempting to sneak up at night upon a Scottish army 's encampment .
Which species of thistle is referred to in the original legend is disputed .
Thistle is the floral emblem of Scotland .
The thistle has been the national emblem of Scotland since the reign of Alexander III ( 1249-1286 ) and was used on silver coins issued by James III in 1470 .
For example in Canada , it is one of the four floral emblems on the flag of Montreal ; in the US , Carnegie Mellon University features the thistle in its crest in honor of the Scottish heritage of its founder , Andrew Carnegie .
The thistle , crowned with the Scottish crown , was the symbol of seven of the eight former Scottish Police Services ( from which a new national Police Service was formed in 2013 ) , the sole exception being the former Northern Constabulary .
Thistle is the common name of a group of flowering plants characterised by leaves with sharp prickles on the margins , mostly in the family Asteraceae .
These are an adaptation that protects the plant against herbivorous animals , discouraging them from feeding on the plant .
Prickles often occur all over the plant - on surfaces such as those of the stem and flat parts of leaves .
The inhabitants took their collections of ` souvenirs ' with them .
William wanted it to be a home for disabled KNIL soldiers .
Bronbeek is a former Royal palace in Arnhem , the Netherlands .
This turned into a museum about the Dutch East Indies .
It is now a museum and a home for elderly soldiers .
Bronbeek was built early in the 19th century .
He donated it to the Dutch state in 1859 .
In 2004 , 50 former soldiers had their home in Bronbeek .
In 1845 the Dutch King William III bought it .
In physics , gravitational acceleration is the acceleration on an object caused by force of gravitation .
There is no gravitational acceleration , in that the proper acceleration and hence four-acceleration of objects in free fall are zero .
At different points on Earth , objects fall with an acceleration between 9.78 and 9.82 m\/s2 depending on altitude , with a conventional standard value of exactly 9.80665 m\/s2 ( approx .
David Eric `` Dave '' Grohl ( born January 14 , 1969 ) is an American rock musician , multi-instrumentalist , singer-songwriter , and film director , who is the lead vocalist , guitarist , main songwriter and founder of the band Foo Fighters .
Prior to Foo Fighters , Grohl was the drummer for the grunge band Nirvana .
Grohl called Osborne for advice , and the latter gave him the phone numbers of Krist Novoselic and Kurt Cobain , who invited Grohl to Seattle .
Gram-negative bacteria are a class of bacteria that do not retain the crystal violet stain used in the Gram staining method of bacterial differentiation , making positive identification possible .
FC Dinamo Tbilisi ( Georgian : თბილისის დინამო ) is a Georgian football team , based in Tbilisi , the capital of Georgia .
He is to date the only British Prime Minister of Jewish birth .
He made the Conservatives the party most identified with the glory and power of the British Empire .
Benjamin Disraeli , 1st Earl of Beaconsfield , KG , PC , FRS , ( 21 December 1804 - 19 April 1881 ) was a British Conservative politician , writer , aristocrat and dandy who twice served as Prime Minister .
It is internationally known for its research in the humanities and social sciences , as well as in the field of natural and life sciences .
`` Free University of Berlin '' , often abbreviated as FU Berlin ) is a renowned research university located in Berlin and one of the most prominent universities in Germany .
Freie Universität Berlin was one of nine German universities to win in the German Universities Excellence Initiative , a national competition for universities organized by the German federal government .
23 of Haydn 's 104 symphonies are in D major , making it the most often used main key of his symphonies .
The vast majority of Mozart 's unnumbered symphonies are in D major , namely K. 66c , 81\/73 , 97\/73m , 95\/73n , 120\/111a and 161\/163\/141a .
The symphony evolved from the overture , and `` D major was by far the most common key for overtures in the second half of the eighteenth century . ''
The vast majority of tin whistles are in D , since they are often used in music with fiddles .
Scriabin considered D major to be golden in color and , in a discussion with Rimsky-Korsakov , he gave an example from one of Rimsky-Korsakov 's own operas where a character sang in D major about gold .
For some beginning wind instrument students , however , D major is not a very suitable key , since it transposes to E major on B-flat wind instruments , and beginning methods generally tend to avoid keys with more than three sharps .
There are composers however who , in writing a piece in D minor with B-flat clarinets , will have them change to clarinets in A if the music switches to D major , an example being Rachmaninoff 's Third Piano Concerto .
Even so , the clarinet in B-flat is still often used for music in D major , and it is perhaps the sharpest key that is practical for the instrument .
D major is well-suited to violin music because of the structure of the instrument , which is tuned G D A E. The open strings resonate sympathetically with the D string , producing a sound that is especially brilliant .
It is appropriate for guitar music , with drop D tuning making two Ds available as open strings .
Its relative minor is B minor and its parallel minor is D minor .
It is thus no coincidence that many classical composers throughout the centuries have chosen to write violin concertos in D major , including those by Mozart ( No. 2 , 1775 , No. 4 , 1775 ) ; Ludwig van Beethoven ( 1806 ) ; Paganini ( No. 1 , 1817 ) ; Brahms ( 1878 ) ; Tchaikovsky ( 1878 ) ; Prokofiev ( No. 1 , 1917 ) ; Stravinsky ( 1931 ) ; and Korngold ( 1945 ) .
In the Baroque period , D major was regarded as `` the key of glory '' ; hence many trumpet concertos were in D major , such as those by Fasch , Gross , Molter ( No. 2 ) , Leopold Mozart , Telemann ( No. 2 ) , and Giuseppe Torelli .
`` Fuckin ' Perfect '' peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming Pink 's eleventh top-ten hit single in the United States .
It was project on which she spent the longest period of time since her first records at 14 years old as a member of Destiny 's Child .
Tsubouchi has a younger brother and sister .
Their alliance later became known in Poland as the `` Alliance of the Three Black Eagles '' ( or Löwenwolde 's Treaty ) , because all three states used a black eagle as a state symbol ( in contrast to the white eagle , a symbol of Poland ) .
By this `` diplomatic document '' Russia came into possession of that section of Livonia that had remained in Commonwealth control , and of Belarus embracing the counties of Vitebsk , Polotsk and Mstislavl .
In the 2nd partition , Russia and Prussia helped themselves to enough more land so that only one-third of the 1772 population remained in Poland .
Prussia signed a treaty with Russia , agreeing that Polish reforms would be revoked and both countries would receive chunks of Commonwealth territory .
The partitioning powers , seeing the increasing unrest in the remaining Commonwealth , decided to solve the problem by erasing any independent Polish state from the map .
Early in August the Russian , Prussian and Austrian troops simultaneously entered the Commonwealth and occupied the provinces agreed upon among themselves .
The Commonwealth had been forced to rely on Russia for protection against the rising Kingdom of Prussia , while Prussia was demanding a slice of the northwest in order to unite its Western and Eastern portions , although this would leave the Commonwealth with a Baltic coast only in Latvia and Lithuania .
In the War in Defense of the Constitution , pro-Russian conservative Polish magnates , the Confederation of Targowica , fought against Polish forces supporting the constitution , believing that Russians would help them restore the Golden Liberty .
This applies particularly to the last Commonwealth King Stanisław August Poniatowski , who for some time had been a lover of Russian Empress Catherine the Great .
Targowica confederates , who did not expect another partition , and the king , Stanisław August Poniatowski , who joined them near the end , both lost much prestige and support .
The Commonwealth had remained neutral in the Seven Years ' War , though sympathizing with the alliance of France , Austria , and Russia , and allowing Russian troops access to its western lands as bases against Prussia .
The liberum veto also provided openings for foreign diplomats to get their ways , through bribing nobles to exercise it .
Abandoned by their Prussian allies , Polish pro-constitution forces , faced with Targowica units and the regular Russian army , were defeated .
After having occupied their respective territories , the three partitioning powers demanded that King Stanisław and the Sejm approve their action .
Kosciuszko 's ragtag insurgent armies won some initial successes , but they eventually fell before the superior forces of the Russian Empire .
The liberum veto and all the old abuses of the last one and a half centuries were guaranteed as unalterable parts of this new constitution ( in the so-called cardinal laws ) .
When no help was forthcoming and the armies of the combined nations occupied Warsaw to compel by force of arms the calling of the assembly , no alternative could be chosen save passive submission to their will .
By seizing northwestern Poland , Prussia instantly gained control over 80 % of the Commonwealth 's total foreign trade .
In 1793 , deputies to the Grodno Sejm , last Sejm of the Commonwealth , in the presence of the Russian forces , agreed to Russian territorial demands .
Those reforms prompted aggressive actions on the part of its neighbors , wary of the potential renaissance of the Commonwealth .
To Austria fell Zator and Auschwitz ( Oświęcim ) , part of Lesser Poland embracing parts of the counties of Kraków and Sandomir and the whole of Galicia , less the City of Kraków .
Frederick II of Prussia retaliated by ordering enough Polish currency counterfeited to severely affect the Polish economy .
The Polish-Prussian Pact of 1790 was signed .
The Commonwealth could never be liquidated unless its longtime ally , Austria , allowed it , and first Catherine had to use diplomacy to win Austria to her side .
This policy of parliamentary procedure was based on the assumption of the political equality of every `` gentleman '' , with the corollary that unanimous consent was needed for all measures .
By 1790 , on the political front , the First Polish Republic had deteriorated into such a helpless condition that it was successfully forced into an unnatural and ultimately deadly alliance with its enemy , Prussia .
The May Constitution of 1791 enfranchised the bourgeoisie , established the separation of the three branches of government , and eliminated the abuses of the Repnin Sejm .
The partition treaty was ratified by its signatories on September 22 , 1772 .
It became increasingly difficult to get action taken .
Adding to the chaos was a Ukrainian Cossack and peasant rebellion , the Koliyivschyna , which erupted in 1768 and resulted in massacres of noblemen ( szlachta ) , Jews , Uniates , and Catholic priests before it was put down by Polish and Russian troops .
This new constitution undid the reforms made in 1764 under Stanisław II .
On 24 October 1795 their representatives signed a treaty , dividing the remaining territories of the Commonwealth among their three countries .
Through levying enormous customs duties , Prussia accelerated the collapse of the Commonwealth .
Through the Polish nobles whom Russia controlled and the Russian Minister to Warsaw , ambassador and Prince Nicholas Repnin , Empress Catherine the Great forced a constitution on the Commonwealth at the so-called Repnin Sejm of 1767 , named after ambassador Repnin , who de facto dictated the terms of that Sejm ( and who ordered the capture and exile of some vocal opponents of his policies to Kaluga in Russian Empire , including bishop Józef Andrzej Załuski and others ) .
The reformers , on the other hand , were attracting increasing support , and in 1794 the Kościuszko Uprising began .
A single member of parliament 's belief that a measure was injurious to his own constituency ( usually simply his own estate ) , even after the act had already been approved , became enough to strike the act .
The conditions of the Pact contributed greatly to the succeeding and final two partitions of Poland-Lithuania .
The so-called Partition Sejm , with Russian military forces threatening the opposition , on September 18 , 1773 , signed the treaty of cession , renouncing all claims of the Commonwealth to the occupied territories .
Frederick II of Prussia was elated with his success ; Prussia took most of the Polish Royal Prussia that stood between its possessions in the Kingdom of Prussia and the Margraviate of Brandenburg , taking Ermland ( Warmia ) , Royal Prussia without the city of Danzig ( Gdańsk ) ( which in 1773 became a new province called West Prussia ) , northern areas of Greater Poland along the Noteć River ( the Netze District ) , and parts of Kuyavia ( but not the city of Thorn ( Toruń ) ) .
Repnin also demanded religious freedom for the Protestant and Orthodox Christians , and the resulting reaction among some of Poland 's Roman Catholics , as well as the deep resentment of Russian intervention in the Commonwealth 's domestic affairs , led to the War of the Confederation of Bar from 1768-1772 , where the Poles tried to expel Russian forces from Commonwealth territory .
Arguing that Poland had fallen prey to the radical Jacobinism then at high tide in France , Russian forces invaded the Commonwealth in 1792 .
During the reign of Władysław IV ( 1632-48 ) , the liberum veto had evolved .
On August 5 , 1772 , the occupation manifesto was issued , much to the consternation of a country too exhausted by the endeavors of the Confederation of Bar to offer successful resistance ; nonetheless several battles and sieges took place , as Commonwealth troops refused to lay down their arms ( most notably , in Tyniec , Częstochowa and Kraków ) .
In 1730 the neighbors of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth ( Rzeczpospolita ) , namely Prussia , Austria and Russia , signed a secret agreement to maintain the status quo : specifically , to ensure that the Commonwealth laws would not change .
The Partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth were a series of three partitions that took place in the second half of the 18th century and ultimately ended the existence of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , resulting in the elimination of sovereign Poland for 123 years .
In February , 1772 , the agreement of partition was signed in Vienna .
The irregular and poorly commanded Polish forces had little chance in the face of the regular Russian army and suffered a major defeat .
The partitions were conducted by the Russian Empire , the Kingdom of Prussia and Habsburg Austria , which divided up the Commonwealth lands among themselves progressively in the process of territorial seizures .
Thus , one could characterise Poland-Lithuania in its final period ( mid-18th century ) before the partitions as already in a state of disorder and not a completely sovereign state .
In English , the term `` Partitions of Poland '' is sometimes used geographically as toponymy , to mean the three parts that the partitioning powers divided the Commonwealth into , the Austrian Partition , the Prussian Partition and the Russian Partition .
The Asian or Asiatic elephant ( Elephas maximus ) is the only living species of the genus Elephas and is distributed in Southeast Asia from India in the west to Borneo in the east .
In 1920 , athletic officials from six Texas HBCUs - C.H. Fuller of Bishop College , Red Randolph and C.H. Patterson of Paul Quinn College , E.G. Evans , H.J. Evans and H.J. Starns of Prairie View A&M , D.C. Fuller of Texas College and G. Whitte Jordan of Wiley College - met in Houston , Texas , to discuss common interests .
Current championship competition offered by the SWAC includes competition for men in baseball , basketball , cross country , football , golf , indoor track , outdoor track & field and tennis .
Women 's competition is offered in the sports of basketball , bowling , cross country , golf , indoor track , outdoor track & field , soccer , softball , tennis and volleyball .
In addition , Alabama State plays Division II rival Tuskegee annually on Thanksgiving Day ( The Turkey Day Classic ) .
Furthermore , one SWAC game , the Bayou Classic between Southern and Grambling State , is positioned on the schedule after the NCAA tournament has begun .
Alabama A&M University became the conference 's tenth member when it became a full member in September , 1999 after a one year period as an affiliate SWAC member .
Wiley left in 1968 , the same year Mississippi Valley State College entered .
Arkansas-Pine Bluff ( formerly Arkansas AM&N ) rejoined the SWAC on July 1 , 1997 , regaining full-member status one year later .
The SWAC instead splits its schools into two divisions , and plays a conference championship game .
At this meeting , they agreed to form a new league , the SWAC .
Arkansas AM&N exited in 1970 and Alabama State University entered in 1982 .
When Langston University of Oklahoma was admitted into the conference two years later , it began the migration of state-supported institutions into the SWAC .
The enter-exit cycle continued in 1961 when Texas College withdrew , followed by the admittance of Alcorn A&M ( now Alcorn State University ) in 1962 .
Bishop withdrew from the conference in 1956 , Langston in 1957 and Huston-Tillotson ( formerly Samuel Huston ) in 1959 , one year after the admittance of two more state-supported schools : Grambling College and Jackson State College .
Paul Quinn became the first of the original members to withdraw from the league in 1929 .
The Southwestern Athletic Conference ( SWAC ) is a collegiate athletic conference headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama , which is made up of historically black universities in the Southern United States .
Note Note Games from 1999 - 2012 were played at Legion Field in Birmingham , Alabama .
The SWAC is one of two conferences - the other being the Ivy League - that does not participate in the FCS football playoffs , and is the only one of the two whose members offer a full complement of scholarships for football .
It participates in the NCAA 's Division I for all sports ; in football , it participates in the Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) , still frequently referred to by its former designation of Division I-AA .
Southern University entered the ranks in 1934 , followed by Arkansas AM&N ( now the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff ) in 1936 and Texas Southern University in 1954 .
He also wrote under the pseudonyms Hans Walldorf , Bernd Diksen and Waldemar Naß .
In his later years , Loest became seriously ill and announced at an Academy of Arts ceremony in 2010 that he did not have the strength to write another novel .
From 1965 to 1975 , he wrote eleven novels and 30 short stories , some under pseudonyms .
He was 87 years old .
In 1979 he was ostracized from East Germany and did not return until after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1990 .
On 12 September 2013 , he committed suicide by falling from a second-floor hospital window .
Erich Loest ( German pronunciation : ( ˈeːʁɪç ˈløːst ) ; 24 February 1926 - 12 September 2013 ) was a German writer born in Mittweida , Saxony .
Its fossils have been recovered from formations dating from the Hauterivian to early Barremian stages of the early Cretaceous Period , around 130-125 million years ago .
Baryonyx ( \/ ˌbæriˈɒnɨks \/ ; Greek : βαρύς \/ barys meaning ` heavy ' and ὄνυξ \/ onyx meaning ` claw ' or ` nail ' ) is a genus of carnivorous saurischian dinosaur first discovered in clay pits just south of Dorking , England , and later reported from fossils found in northern Spain and Portugal .
The word is derived from the Arabic word , Nizām ( نظام ) , meaning order , arrangement .
They were not officially recognized as the rulers .
The first Nizam ruled on behalf of the Mughal emperors .
Seven Nizams ruled Hyderabad for two centuries until 1947 .
The Asaf Jah dynasty had only seven rulers ; however there was a period of 13 years after the rule of the first Nizam when three of his sons ( Nasir Jung , Muzafar Jung and Salabath Jung ) ruled .
The Nizam could eat seven kulchas and the holy man then prophesied that seven generations of his family would rule the state .
Nizām-ul-mulk was a title first used in Urdu around 1600 to mean Governor of the realm or Deputy for the Whole Empire .
When the British achieved paramountcy over India , the Nizams were allowed to continue to rule their princely states as client kings .
The Asaf Jahi rulers were great patrons of literature , art , architecture , and culture , and rich food .
The Nizam was referred to as Ala Hadrat \/ Ala Hazrat or Nizam Sarkar , meaning His Exalted Highness .
By tradition no Nizam has ever left India no matter how good a reason might exist for doing so , as it was said , `` the Sovereign is too precious to his people ever to leave India . ''
Nizam , shortened from Nizam-ul-Mulk , meaning Administrator of the Realm , was the title of the sovereigns of Hyderabad State , since 1724 , belonging to the Asaf Jah dynasty , The Asaf Jah dynasty was of Turkic origin from the region around Samarkand in modern-day Uzbekistan , The dynasty was founded by Mir Qamar-ud-Din Siddiqi , a viceroy of the Deccan under the Mughal Empire from 1713 to 1721 .
The Nizams retained internal power over Hyderabad state until 17 September 1948 when Hyderabad was integrated into the new Indian Union .
After the death of Aurangzeb , the Nizams split from the Mughals to form an independent kingdom .
A legend about the first Nizam states that , on one of his hunting trips he was offered some kulcha oval bread ( an Indian bread ) by a holy man and was asked to eat as many as he could .
Tattoos have also been used for identification in other ways .
In the Plymouth settlement of 1620 , the house of Peter Browne was near that of John Goodman and was close to the harbor on the south side of the village street .
As it happened , Browne and Goodman were eating lunch when their dogs starting chasing a deer and they were soon lost .
In that record , his name appears as `` Peter Browen . ''
They stayed by the tree that night in case they had to escape to safety .
At night they thought they heard `` lions '' in the forest and climbed a tree for shelter .
Peter Browne was a son of William Brown of Dorking .
By the time of the 1627 Division of the Cattle , Peter Browne and his wife Martha had a daughter Mary and was pregnant with another daughter , Priscilla .
Browne was baptized on January 26 , 1594\/5 in Dorking , Surrey , England .
Sometime around noon , Browne and Goodman wandered further into the forest while the other men stayed behind to make up the thatch into bundles .
The next day they finally climbed the highest hill they could find , were able to see their harbor and find their way back to the settlement .
After the searchers had given up hope of finding them , Browne and Goodman finally arrived in Plymouth quite cold , forest-bitten , tired and hungry , having survived their first experience alone in the New England forest .
Both he and his first wife Martha were both buried at Burial Hill in Plymouth .
An interesting incident ( from Mourt 's Relations pg 27 ) regarding Peter Browne took place in January 1621 while the Pilgrims were building their settlement of Plymouth .
On January 12 Peter Browne , John Goodman and others had entered the forest some distance from the Pilgrim plantation in order to find material for roofing thatch .
The Mayflower departed Plymouth , England on September 6\/16 , 1620 .
This caused about 10-12 armed men to search for them , in fear they were captured by Indians .
Browne was a brother of their father Peter Browne .
This was the same home town as other Mayflower passengers - the Mullins family .
As a single man of about age twenty-five , and possibly coming from an apprenticeship , he boarded the Mayflower in the company of the Mullins family .
Sometime after the Division of Land , Peter Browne married the widow Martha Ford , arriving in November 1621 on the ship Fortune as the only recorded woman on board .
His wife Martha died about 1630 , and Peter Browne remarried to a woman named Mary _____ whose surname and ancestry have not been discovered .
He had two older siblings , Jane and Thomas , as well as three younger brothers , Samuel , John and James .
The small , 100-foot ship had 102 passengers and a crew of about 30-40 in extremely cramped conditions .
It was used by the Nazi Organisation Todt , a forced labor program , to build bunkers , gun emplacements , air-raid shelters , and concrete fortifications .
Lager Borkum was used for German technicians and volunteers from different countries of Europe .
Sylt camp held Jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp .
Norderney camp housed European ( usually Eastern but including Spaniard ) and Russian enforced labourers .
( For further information on Alderney concentration camps , see Appendix F : Concentration Camps : Endlösung - The Final Solution ; Alderney , a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman ; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people , see The Holocaust ) .
The Borkum and Helgoland camps were `` volunteer '' ( Hilfswillige ) labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the Sylt and Norderney camps .
Lager Helgoland was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers .
Over 700 people died in the Alderney concentration camps ( out of a total inmate population of about 6,000 ) .
The prisoners in Lager Sylt and Lager Norderney were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney .
The Germans built four concentration camps on the island , subcamps of the Neuengamme concentration camp ( located in Hamburg , Germany ) .
It was organised by the Schutzstaffel - SS-Baubrigade I-which was first under supervision of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp ; and since mid-February 1943 ran under the Neuengamme camp in northern Germany .
These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil .
However , he did not stand trial , and is believed to have lived near Hamburg until his death in the 1980s .
Each subcamp was named after one of the Frisian Islands : Lager Norderney located at Saye , Lager Borkum at Platte Saline , Lager Sylt near the old telegraph tower at La Foulère and Lager Helgoland , situated in the northwest corner of the island .
Lager Borkum was located near the center of Alderney and was the smallest of the four camps .
After World War II , a court-martial case was prepared against ex-SS Hauptsturmführer Max List ( the former commendant of Lagers Norderney and Sylt ) , citing atrocities on Alderney .
Coordinates : 49 ° 42 ′ 54 ″ N 2 ° 11 ′ 10 ″ W \/ 49.71500 ° N 2.18611 ° W \/ 49.71500 ; -2.18611 Lager Borkum was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney , in the Channel Islands , named after the East Frisian Island of Borkum .
Schools and businesses may also conduct a tornado drill simultaneously .
Most states in the midwestern and southern United States conduct a statewide tornado drill in late winter or early spring in preparation for the severe weather season .
During these drills , the National Weather Service issues test tornado warnings , and local Emergency Alert Systems and\/or NOAA Weather Radio ( normally as a Required Weekly Test or Required Monthly Test ; Live Tornado Warning Codes can only be used if a waiver from the FCC is granted since `` Live Code Testing '' is prohibited per regulations ) are activated along with outdoor warning sirens .
In some jurisdictions , schools are required to conduct regular tornado drills , though generally less frequently than fire drills .
However , del Toro has stated that the faun in the film is not Pan .
It was released in the United Kingdom on November 24 , 2006 .
In the United States and Canada , the film was given a limited release on December 29 , 2006 , with a wide release on January 19 , 2007 .
The film premiered at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival .
The original Spanish title refers to the fauns of Roman mythology , while the English , German , and French titles refer specifically to the faun-like Greek deity Pan .
The film won numerous international awards , including three Academy Awards , three BAFTA Awards including Best Film Not in the English Language , the Ariel Award for Best Picture , the Saturn Awards for Best International Film and Best Performance by a Younger Actor for Ivana Baquero and the 2007 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , Long Form .
Ofelia 's stepfather , the Falangist Captain Vidal , hunts the Spanish Maquis who fight against the Francoist regime in the region , while Ofelia 's pregnant mother grows increasingly ill .
Pan 's Labyrinth ( Spanish : El laberinto del fauno , `` The Labyrinth of the faun '' ) is a 2006 Mexican-Spanish dark fantasy film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro .
Ofelia meets several strange and magical creatures who become central to her story , leading her through the trials of the old labyrinth garden .
Del Toro stated that he considers the story to be a parable , influenced by fairy tales , and that it addresses and continues themes related to his earlier film The Devil 's Backbone ( 2001 ) , to which Pan 's Labyrinth is a spiritual successor , according to del Toro in his director 's commentary on the DVD .
Small parts of the province , namely the islands of Quemoy and Matsu , are under the administration of the Republic of China .
Some of the small islands in the Taiwan Strait are also part of the province .
Most of Fujian is administered by the People 's Republic of China .
However , the archipelagos of Kinmen , Matsu , and Liuchu are under the control of the Republic of China .
Snorkeling is one of the most popular activities on Maui .
SeCl4 is used in the synthesis of other selenium compounds .
Jason Francesco Schwartzman ( born June 26 , 1980 ) is an American actor and musician .
He currently releases music through solo-project Coconut Records ; formerly , he was the drummer of the rock band Phantom Planet .
Ko Young-Min ( Hangul : 고영민 , Hanja : 高永民 ) ( born February 8 , 1984 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a South Korean second baseman who currently plays for the Doosan Bears in the Korea Baseball Organization .
`` Researchers have not agreed on an exact definition .
Neighbourhood is administered by the Mukhtar and the Neighbourhood Seniors Council consisting of 4 members .
Ethnic neighborhoods were important in many past cities and remain common in cities today .
For example , in the T'ang period Chinese capital city Chang ` an , neighborhoods were districts and there were state officials who carefully controlled life and activity at the neighborhood level .
It does have an official status but it is not granted governmental powers .
Historical documents shed light on neighborhood life in numerous historical preindustrial or nonwestern cities .
Mukhtar also has a seat at the City Assembly , an umbrella organization for the coordination of the public institutions within the city .
In addition , government statistics for local areas are often referred to as neighborhood statistics , although the data themselves are broken down usually into districts and wards for local purposes .
In addition to social neighborhoods , most ancient and historical cities also had administrative districts used by officials for taxation , record-keeping , and social control .
The term has no general official or statistical purpose in the United Kingdom , but is often used by local boroughs for self-chosen sub-divisions of their area for the delivery of various services and functions , as for example in Kingston-upon-Thames or is used as an informal term to refer to a small area within a town or city .
The label is commonly used to refer to organizations which relate to such a very local structure , such as neighborhood policing or Neighbourhood watch schemes .
In the mainland of the People 's Republic of China , the term is generally used for the urban administrative division found immediately below the district level , although an intermediate , subdistrict level exists in some cities .
( See Administrative divisions of the People 's Republic of China ) Neighbourhood ( Turkish : Mahalle ) in Turkey is an administrative unit within municipalities .
In most urban areas of China , neighborhood , community , residential community , residential unit , ' residential quarter ' have the same meaning : 社区 or 小区 or 居民区 or 居住区 , and is the direct sublevel of a subdistrict ( 街道办事处 ) , which is the direct sublevel of a district ( 区 ) , which is the direct sublevel of a city ( 市 ) .
In this sense they are local social units larger than households not directly under the control of city or state officials .
Neighbourhoods encompass 2,000 to 10,000 families .
Within neighborhoods , families are grouped into smaller residential units or quarters of 100 to 600 families and supervised by a residents ' committee ; these are subdivided into residents ' small groups of fifteen to forty families .
Neighbourhood administrators are compensated by the salary received from the Central Government and by the document issuing fees received from the residents .
In some preindustrial urban traditions , basic municipal functions such as protection , social regulation of births and marriages , cleaning and upkeep are handled informally by neighborhoods and not by urban governments ; this pattern is well documented for historical Islamic cities .
A neighborhood ( Commonwealth English ) , or neighborhood ( American English ) , is a geographically localized community within a larger city , town , suburb or rural area .
Neighbourhoods are often social communities with considerable face-to-face interaction among members .
In the words of the urban scholar Lewis Mumford , `` Neighbourhoods , in some primitive , inchoate fashion exist wherever human beings congregate , in permanent family dwellings ; and many of the functions of the city tend to be distributed naturally-that is , without any theoretical preoccupation or political direction-into neighborhoods . ''
Lee worked at Institute for Advanced Study and was a professor of physics at University of Pennsylvania , SUNY at Stony Brook , University of Chicago , and head of the theoretical physics department at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory .
On June 16 , 1977 , he was killed in a car accident not far from Kewanee , Illinois ( on the Interstate 80 ) .
One year before graduating Kyunggi High School , he entered the department of chemical engineering at Seoul National University at the top of his class .
Benjamin Whisoh Lee ( Hangul : 이휘소 ; January 1 , 1935 - June 16 , 1977 ) or Ben Lee , was a Korean-American theoretical physicist .
He studied gauge theory and weak interactions .
While in college he emigrated to the United States and graduated with a bachelor 's degree at Miami University , a master 's at the University of Pittsburgh , and a Ph.D. at University of Pennsylvania by age 25 .
They are , with their largest exemplars : and the small classes : Objects were sometimes assigned a combined type such as e.g. CG when their properties were a combination of those typical for several types .
The two most widely used classifications are described below : The most widely used taxonomy for over a decade has been that of David J. Tholen , first proposed in 1984 .
A few near-Earth objects have spectra that differ strongly from any of the SMASS classes .
The majority of bodies fall again into the three broad C , S , and X categories , with a few unusual bodies categorized into several smaller types : A significant number of small asteroids were found to fall in the Q , R , and V types , which were represented by only a single body in the Tholen scheme .
This classification was developed from broad band spectra ( between 0.31 μm and 1.06 μm ) obtained during the Eight-Color Asteroid Survey ( ECAS ) in the 1980s , in combination with albedo measurements .
This survey produced spectra of a far higher resolution than ECAS , and was able to resolve a variety of narrow spectral features .
This scheme includes 14 types with the majority of asteroids falling into one of three broad categories , and several smaller types .
For small bodies that are not internally differentiated , the surface and internal compositions are presumably similar , while large bodies such as 1 Ceres and 4 Vesta are known to have internal structure .
In this Bus and Binzel SMASS scheme only a single type was assigned to any particular asteroid .
A list of types can be found at asteroid spectral classes .
The present-day classification was initiated by Clark R. Chapman , David Morrison , and Ben Zellner in 1975 with three categories : C for dark carbonaceous objects , S for stony ( silicaceous ) objects , and U for those that did not fit into either C or S. This classification has since been expanded and clarified .
The original formulation was based on 978 asteroids .
However , a somewhat smaller range of wavelengths ( 0.44 μm to 0.92 μm ) was observed .
This is a more recent taxonomy introduced by Schelte J. Bus and Richard P. Binzel in 2002 , based on the Small Main-Belt Asteroid Spectroscopic Survey ( SMASS ) of 1447 asteroids .
While attempting to keep to the Tholen taxonomy as much as possible given the differing data , asteroids were sorted into the 24 types given below .
This is presumably because these bodies are much smaller than those detected in the asteroid belt , and as such may have younger less-altered surfaces or be composed of a less varied mix of minerals .
These types are thought to correspond to an asteroid 's surface composition .
This is due to the use of different criteria for each approach .
Asteroids are assigned a type based on spectral shape , color , and sometimes albedo .
Also , albedos were not considered .
A number of classification schemes are currently in existence , and while they strive to retain some mutual consistency , quite a few asteroids are sorted into different classes depending on the particular scheme .
Although the word Jell-O is a brand name , it is commonly used in the United States as a generic and household name for any gelatin products .
Jell-O is a brand name belonging to Illinois-based Kraft Foods for varieties of gelatin desserts , including fruit gels , puddings and no-bake cream pies .
Jell-O must be put in a refrigerator until served , and once set , it can be eaten .
Jell-O is sold prepared ( ready to eat ) or in powder form , and is available in colors and flavors .
There are non-gelatin pudding and pie filling products sold under the Jell-O brand .
The powder contains powdered gelatin and flavorings , including sugar or artificial sweeteners .
a. 1 of the official rules of Major League Baseball defines an at bat as : `` Number of times batted , except that no time at bat shall be charged when a player : ( 1 ) hits a sacrifice bunt or sacrifice fly ; ( 2 ) is awarded first base on four called balls ; ( 3 ) is hit by a pitched ball ; or ( 4 ) is awarded first base because of interference or obstruction ... '' An at bat is counted when : `` At bat '' , `` up '' , `` up at bat '' , and `` at the plate '' are all phrases describing a batter who is facing the pitcher .
At bats are used to calculate certain statistics , including batting average , on-base percentage , and slugging percentage .
In baseball , an at bat ( AB ) or time at bat is a batter 's turn at batting against a pitcher that is credited unless the turn ends under certain circumstances .
A batter does not receive credit for an at bat if their plate appearance ends under the following circumstances : Section 10.02 .
The 1960-61 NHL season was the 44th season of the National Hockey League .
It was Chicago 's first Cup win since 1938 ; they would not win another until 2010 .
The Chicago Black Hawks defeated the Detroit Red Wings in the 1961 Stanley Cup Final four games to two to win the Stanley Cup .
The Xia dynasty ( Chinese : 夏朝 ; pinyin : Xià Cháo ; Wade-Giles : Hsia-Ch ` ao ; IPA : ( ɕiâ tʂʰɑ̌ʊ̯ ) ; c. 2070 - c. 1600 BCE ) is the first dynasty in China to be described in ancient historical chronicles such as Bamboo Annals , Classic of History and Records of the Grand Historian .
By mid-2006 , there were approximately 6 million E85-compatible vehicles on U.S. roads .
There are no fuel costs or emissions during operation of the power stations .
In developing countries , three World Bank projects for integrated solar thermal\/combined-cycle gas-turbine power plants in Egypt , Mexico , and Morocco have been approved .
In the United States , 5,600 MW of solar thermal power projects have been announced .
Brazil has one of the largest renewable energy programs in the world , involving production of ethanol fuel from sugar cane , and ethanol now provides 18 % of the country 's automotive fuel .
Many of these plants are integrated with agriculture and some use tracking systems that follow the sun 's daily path across the sky to generate more electricity than fixed-mounted systems .
Ford , Daimler AG , and GM are among the automobile companies that sell `` flexible-fuel '' cars , trucks , and minivans that can use gasoline and ethanol blends ranging from pure gasoline up to 85 % ethanol ( E85 ) .
Many solar photovoltaic power stations have been built , mainly in Europe .
New renewables ( small hydro , modern biomass , wind , solar , geothermal , and biofuels ) account for another 3 % and are growing rapidly .
Nearly all the gasoline sold in the United States today is mixed with 10 % ethanol , a mix known as E10 , and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends .
About 16 % of global final energy consumption presently comes from renewable resources , with 10 % of all energy from traditional biomass , mainly used for heating , and 3.4 % from hydroelectricity .
As of May 2012 , the largest photovoltaic ( PV ) power plants in the world are the Agua Caliente Solar Project ( USA , 247 MW ) , Charanka Solar Park ( India , 214 MW ) , Golmud Solar Park ( China , 200 MW ) , Perovo Solar Park ( Ukraine , 100 MW ) , Sarnia Photovoltaic Power Plant ( Canada , 97 MW ) , Brandenburg-Briest Solarpark ( Germany , 91 MW ) , Solarpark Finow Tower ( Germany , 84.7 MW ) , Montalto di Castro Photovoltaic Power Station ( Italy , 84.2 MW ) , and the Eggebek Solar Park ( Germany , 83.6 MW ) .
Renewable energy is also the most economic solution for new grid-connected capacity in areas with good resources .
The Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System is a solar thermal power project in the California Mojave Desert , 40 miles ( 64 km ) southwest of Las Vegas , with a gross capacity of 392 megawatts ( MW ) .
Several countries have achieved relatively high levels of wind power penetration , such as 21 % of stationary electricity production in Denmark , 18 % in Portugal , 16 % in Spain , 14 % in Ireland and 9 % in Germany in 2010 .
Another way of saying that a ( non-negative ) number is a square number , is that its square roots are again integers .
Squares of odd numbers are of the form 8n + 1 , since ( 2n + 1 ) 2 = 4n ( n + 1 ) + 1 and n ( n + 1 ) is an even number .
As all odd square numbers are of the form 4n + 1 , the odd numbers of the form 4n + 3 are not square numbers .
This is also equal to the sum of the first n odd numbers as can be seen in the above pictures , where a square results from the previous one by adding an odd number of points ( shown in magenta ) .
It follows that square roots of even square numbers are even , and square roots of odd square numbers are odd .
As all even square numbers are divisible by 4 , the even numbers of the form 4n + 2 are not square numbers .
The formula follows : So for example , 52 = 25 = 1 + 3 + 5 + 7 + 9 .
The name square number comes from the name of the shape ; see below .
Squares of even numbers are even ( and in fact divisible by 4 ) , since ( 2n ) 2 = 4n2 .
Squares of odd numbers are odd , since ( 2n + 1 ) 2 = 4 ( n2 + n ) + 1 .
For example , √ 9 = ± 3 , so 9 is a square number .
The expression for the nth square number is n2 .
Square numbers are non-negative .
The number m is a square number if and only if one can compose a square of m equal ( lesser ) squares : The unit of area is defined as the area of unit square ( 1 × 1 ) .
The usual notation for the formula for the square of a number n is not the product n × n , but the equivalent exponentiation n2 , usually pronounced as `` n squared '' .
Starting with 1 , there are square numbers up to and including m , where the expression represents the floor of the number x. The squares ( sequence A000290 in OEIS ) smaller than 602 are : The difference between any perfect square and its predecessor is given by the identity .
A square number can end only with digits 0 , 1 , 4 , 6 , 9 , or 25 in base 10 , as follows : In base 16 , a square number can end only with 0 , 1 , 4 or 9 and In general , if a prime p divides a square number m then the square of p must also divide m ; if p fails to divide m ∕ p , then m is definitely not square .
The sum of two consecutive square numbers is a centered square number .
The sum of the series of power numbers can also be represented by the formula The first terms of this series ( the square pyramidal numbers ) are : All fourth powers , sixth powers , eighth powers and so on are perfect squares .
In mathematics , a square number or perfect square is an integer that is the square of an integer ; in other words , it is the product of some integer with itself .
It was given its première at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg on Sunday , December 18 , 1892 , on a double-bill with Tchaikovsky 's opera , Iolanta .
The Nutcracker Suite should not be mistaken for the complete ballet .
Tchaikovsky made a selection of eight of the numbers from the ballet before the ballet 's December 1892 première , forming The Nutcracker Suite , Op .
In 1866 Lord Robert , now Viscount Cranborne after the death of his older brother , Cranborne entered the third government of Lord Derby as Secretary of State for India .
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyne-Cecil , 3rd Marquess of Salisbury , KG GCVO PC ( 3 February 1830 - 22 August 1903 ) , styled Lord Robert Cecil before 1865 and Viscount Cranborne from June 1865 until April 1868 , was a British Conservative statesman and thrice Prime Minister , serving for a total of over 13 years .
All have relatively large swollen bills .
Stiff-tailed ducks are part of the Oxyurinae subfamily of ducks .
Their unusual displays involve drumming noises from inflatable throat-sacs , head throwing , and erecting short crests .
Their legs are set far back , making them awkward on land , so they rarely leave the water .
Plumage is vital for survival because of this animals tendency to spend time in the water .
These are freshwater diving ducks .
All have , as their name implies , long stiff tail feathers , which are erected when the bird is at rest .
Without plumage this duck would die of hypothermia because of an inability to regulate its body temperature .
Quantum mechanics provides equations based on the Hartree-Fock method and the Roothaan equations that CNDO uses to model atoms and their locations .
It is noteworthy that CNDO does not involve knowledge about chemical bonds but instead uses knowledge about quantum wavefunctions .
CNDO can be used for both closed shell molecules , where the electrons are fully paired in molecular orbitals and open shell molecules , which are radicals with unpaired electrons .
It uses two approximations : CNDO\/2 is the main version of CNDO .
CNDO is considered to yield good results for partial atomic charges and molecular dipole moment .
These equations are solved iteratively to the point where the results do not vary significantly between two iterations .
It was a method for calculating the electronic energy and the molecular orbitals .
Eigenvalues for calculating the highest occupied molecular orbital and lowest unoccupied molecular orbital are reported from the closed shell approach .
CNDO\/1 and CNDO\/2 were developed from this method by explicitly including the electron-electron repulsion terms , but neglecting many of them , approximating some of them and fitting others to experimental data from spectroscopy .
CNDO is the abbreviation for Complete Neglect of Differential Overlap , one of the first semi empirical methods in quantum chemistry .
The method was first introduced by John Pople and coworkers .
The main river , which collects all the smaller rivers , is the Jiu River .
This county has a total area of 5,602 km ² .
On 15 August , orchestral overdubs were made to `` Golden Slumbers '' and five other songs on Abbey Road .
McCartney said , `` I remember trying to get a very strong vocal on it , because it was such a gentle theme , so I worked on the strength of the vocal on it , and ended up quite pleased with it . ''
`` Golden Slumbers '' is a song by the Beatles , part of the climactic medley on their 1969 album Abbey Road .
The song begins the progression that leads to the end of the album and is followed by `` Carry That Weight . ''
The main recording session for `` Golden Slumbers '' \/ `` Carry That Weight '' was on 2 July 1969 .
John Lennon was not present .
Lennon did participate in this session .
Beginning with the line `` Golden slumbers fill your eyes '' , the drums come in and McCartney switches to a stronger tone , both of which emphasise the switch to the refrain .
He begins the song in a soft tone appropriate for a lullaby , with piano , bass guitar , and string section accompaniment .
McCartney was the lead vocalist .
The two songs were recorded together as a single piece , and both were written by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon-McCartney ) , strings and brass arranged and scored by producer George Martin .
He was injured in a motor vehicle accident in Scotland on 1 July , and was hospitalised there until 6 July .
Drums , timpani , and additional vocals were added in an overdub session on 31 July , the same day the first trial edit of the side two medley was created .
Grey 's Anatomy is an American medical drama television series that premiered on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) as a mid-season replacement on March 27 , 2005 .
Grey 's Anatomy follows the lives of surgical interns and residents at the fictional Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital ( formerly Seattle Grace Hospital , Season 1-6 , Seattle Grace Mercy West Hospital , Season 6-9 , and then Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital , Season 9-present ) , as they gradually evolve into seasoned doctors , with the help of their competent mentors .
While the show is set in Seattle , it is primarily filmed in Los Angeles , California .
Grey 's Anatomy is the recipient of the 2007 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series - Drama , and multiple Emmy nominations , including two for Outstanding Drama Series .
Posology is the study of how medicines are dosed .
The library was built to store 12,000 scrolls and to serve as a monumental tomb for Celsus .
The interior of the library and all its books were destroyed by fire in the devastating earthquake that struck the city in 262 .
The facade was completely destroyed by a later earthquake , likely in the late Byzantine period .
The building is important as one of the few remaining examples of an ancient Roman-influenced library .
Celsus paid for the construction of the library with his own personal wealth .
It also shows that public libraries were built not only in Rome itself but throughout the Roman Empire .
A set of Corinthian columns stands directly above the first set , adding to the height of the building .
It was unusual to be buried within a library or even within city limits , so this was a special honor for Celsus .
The edifice is a single hall that faces east toward the morning sun , as Vitruvius advised , to benefit early risers .
Only the facade survived .
Celsus had been consul in 92 AD , governor of Asia in 115 AD , and a wealthy and popular local citizen .
It was built in honor of the Roman Senator Tiberius Julius Celsus Polemaeanus ( completed in 135 AD ) by Celsus ' son , Gaius Julius Aquila ( consul , 110 AD ) .
The library of Celsus is an ancient Roman building in Ephesus , Anatolia , now part of Selçuk , Turkey .
It is thought there may have been a third set of columns , but today there are only two registers of columns .
He was a native of nearby Sardis and amongst the earliest men of purely Greek origin to become a consul in the Roman Empire and is honored both as a Greek and a Roman on the library itself .
Celsus is buried in a sarcophagus beneath the library , in the main entrance which is both a crypt containing his sarcophagus and a sepulchral monument to him .
This type of facade with inset frames and niches for statues is similar to that found in ancient Greek theaters ( the stage building behind the orchestra , or skene ) and is thus characterized as `` scenographic '' .
In a massive restoration which is considered to be very true to the historic building , the front façade was rebuilt during the 1960s and 1970s and now serves as a prime example of Roman public architecture .
Istanbul ( Turkish : İstanbul ) is the largest city in Turkey , constituting the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
Its SI definition is the charge transported by a constant current of one ampere in one second : One coulomb is also the amount of excess charge on a capacitor of one farad charged to a potential difference of one volt : This SI unit is named after Charles-Augustin de Coulomb .
In June 2008 , Cassini 's Visible and Infrared Mapping Spectrometer confirmed the presence of liquid ethane beyond doubt in a lake in Titan 's southern hemisphere .
Based on the observations , scientists announced `` definitive evidence of lakes filled with methane on Saturn 's moon Titan '' in January 2007 .
The large ones are known as maria ( seas ) and the small ones as lacūs ( lakes ) .
The pebbles may be made of water ice and are somewhat rounded , which may indicate the action of fluids .
When the probe arrived in the Saturnian system in 2004 , it was hoped that hydrocarbon lakes or oceans might be detectable by reflected sunlight from the surface of any liquid bodies , but no specular reflections were initially observed .
The images taken after the probe 's landing show a flat plain covered in pebbles .
This would help refine the science of Earth weather forecasting , allowing for better weather forecasts .
The lakes of Titan , a moon of Saturn , are bodies of liquid ethane , methane , and propane that have been detected by the Cassini-Huygens space probe , and had been suspected long before .
In Titan 's south polar region , an enigmatic dark feature named Ontario Lacus was the first suspected lake identified , possibly created by clouds that are observed to cluster in the area .
The images taken by the probe during its descent showed no open areas of liquid , but strongly indicated the presence of liquids in the recent past , showing pale hills crisscrossed with dark drainage channels that lead into a wide , flat , darker region .
The possibility remained that liquid ethane and methane might be found on Titan 's polar regions , where they were expected to be abundant and stable .
It was initially thought that the dark region might be a lake of a fluid or at least tar-like substance , but it is now clear that Huygens landed on the dark region , and that it is solid without any indication of liquids .
The discoveries in the polar regions contrast with the findings of the Huygens probe , which landed near Titan 's equator on January 14 , 2005 .
Direct evidence was not obtained until 1995 when data from the Hubble Space Telescope and other observations had already suggested the existence of liquid methane on Titan , either in disconnected pockets or on the scale of satellite-wide oceans , similar to water on Earth .
According to Cassini data , scientists announced on February 13 , 2008 , that Titan hosts within its polar lakes `` hundreds of times more natural gas and other liquid hydrocarbons than all the known oil and natural gas reserves on Earth . ''
Andretti Autosport is an auto racing team that competes in the IndyCar Series , Firestone Indy Lights , Star Mazda Championship , and U.S. F2000 National Championship .
Andretti won his last race as a driver at the 2002 Long Beach Grand Prix .
The Scream is Munch 's most famous work and one of the most recognizable paintings in all art .
The most common source is from the seeds of the Strychnos nux-vomica tree .
Strychnine , when inhaled , swallowed or absorbed through eyes or mouth , causes a poisoning which results in muscular convulsions and eventually death through asphyxia .
Strychnine ( \/ ˈstrɪkniːn \/ ; also US \/ ˈstrɪknaɪn \/ or \/ ˈstrɪknɪn \/ ) is a highly toxic ( LD50 = 0.16 mg\/kg in rats , 1-2 mg\/kg orally in humans ) , colorless , bitter crystalline alkaloid used as a pesticide , particularly for killing small vertebrates such as birds and rodents .
It has six sets of chromosomes , two sets from each of three different diploid species that are its distant ancestors .
In general n is a multiple of x. The somatic cells in a wheat plant have six sets of 7 chromosomes : three sets from the egg and three sets from the sperm which fused to form the plant , giving a total of 42 chromosomes .
Diploid cells have two homologous copies of each chromosome , usually one from the mother and one from the father .
Cells and organisms with pairs of homologous chromosomes are called diploid .
By extension a cell may be called haploid if its nucleus is haploid , and an organism may be called haploid if its body cells ( somatic cells ) are haploid .
The nucleus of a eukaryotic cell is haploid if it has a single set of chromosomes , each one not being part of a pair .
The trainsets were then refurbished and downgraded to the all-stations Kodama service between Shin-Osaka and Hakata .
They were designed to be capable of 320 km\/h ( 200 mph ) but operated at 300 km\/h ( 185 mph ) , until they were finally retired from the primary Nozomi service in 2010 .
Each train cost an estimated 5 billion yen , and only nine were built .
Increasingly , DoS attacks have also been used as a form of resistance .
In Oligocene Africa , they were the dominant predatory group .
They competed with the Mesonychids and the Entelodonts and ultimately outlasted them by the start of the Oligocene and by the middle of the Miocene respectively , but lost ground to the carnivorans .
They share with the Carnivora the carnassial shear , a modification of teeth that evolved to slice meat in a manner like scissors and gave both orders the tools to dominate the niche .
Creodonta is an extinct order of mammals that lived from the Paleocene to the Miocene epochs .
Hallucigenia is a genus of Cambrian animals known from articulated fossils in exceptional Burgess Shale-type deposits in Canada and China , and from isolated spines around the world .
It was named in August 2003 after Eurydome in Greek mythology , who is sometimes described as the mother of the Graces by Zeus ( Jupiter ) .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001 , and given the temporary designation S\/2001 J 4 .
Eurydome is about 3 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,231 Mm in 723.359 days , at an inclination of 149 ° to the ecliptic ( 147 ° to Jupiter 's equator ) , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.3770 .
Eurydome belongs to the Pasiphaë group , irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22.8 and 24.1 Gm , and with inclinations ranging between 144.5 ° and 158.3 ° .
The track was 5.419 kilometres ( 3.367 mi ) long and incorporated a total of 25 turns - 11 right-handers and 14 left-handers .
The official track layout was unveiled by Valencia councillor and transport counselor , Mario Flores , on 19 July 2007 .
It was first used for the European Grand Prix on August 24 , 2008 .
The deal to host the Valencia race was signed on June 1 , 2007 , and is for seven years .
The track was first used in the last weekend of July 2008 , as the circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and International GT Open .
The first race meeting on the circuit was held over the 23\/24 August 2008 weekend , with Felipe Massa winning the main event , the European Grand Prix , after starting from pole position .
It was estimated that the track had a top speed of around 323 kilometres per hour ( 201 mph ) , with a lap record of 1:38.683 , held by Timo Glock , which he set during the 2009 European Grand Prix .
The circuit had been criticised by the drivers for its lack of overtaking opportunities .
Not to be confused with Circuit de Valencia , permanent racing circuit in the same area , often used for Formula One test sessions The Valencia Street Circuit ( Valencian : Circuit Urbà de València , Spanish : Circuito Urbano de Valencia ) was a street circuit in Valencia , Spain which hosted the Formula One European Grand Prix for five years ( 2008-2012 ) .
The circuit uses the roads skirting the city 's harbor and America 's Cup port area - including a section over a 140-metre-long ( 460 ft ) swing bridge , and also includes some roads designed exclusively for racing purposes by the German architect Hermann Tilke , who also designed the infrastructure buildings for the circuit .
Pocahontas believed that account and stopped visiting Jamestown .
In this new account , his capture included the threat of his own death : '' ... at the minute of my execution '' , he wrote , `` she ( Pocahontas ) hazarded the beating out of her own brains to save mine ; and not only that , but so prevailed with her father , that I was safely conducted to Jamestown . ''
In April 1614 , she married tobacco planter John Rolfe , and in January 1615 , bore him a son , Thomas Rolfe .
He does not mention Pocahontas in relation to his capture ; in fact , in this account , he does not meet Pocahontas for the first time until a few months later .
The English told the Powhatans that Smith was dead .
Pocahontas is most famously linked to the English colonist Captain John Smith , who arrived in Virginia with just more than a hundred other settlers in April 1607 .
In late 1609 , an injury from a gunpowder explosion forced Smith to return to England for medical care .
As the colonists expanded their settlement further , the Powhatan felt their lands were threatened , and conflicts arose again .
Much later , she learned that he was living in England when she traveled there as the wife of John Rolfe .
Pocahontas often went to the settlement and played games with the boys there .
And the dead will outnumber the living !
The flesh-hungry undead have been a fixture of world mythology dating at least since The Epic of Gilgamesh , in which the goddess Ishtar promises : I will knock down the Gates of the Netherworld , I will smash the door posts , and leave the doors flat down , and will let the dead go up to eat the living !
Polemic journalism was common in continental Europe at a time when libel laws were not so stringent as they are now .
To support the study of the controversies of the 17th-19th centuries , a British research project has placed online thousands of polemical pamphlets from that era .
When evidence is intentionally excluded to bias the result , it is sometimes termed the fallacy of exclusion and is a form of selection bias .
The fallacy is also known as : When referring to a generalization made from a single example it has been called the fallacy of the lonely fact or the proof by example fallacy .
In statistics , it may involve basing broad conclusions regarding the statistics of a survey from a small sample group that fails to sufficiently represent an entire population .
Hasty generalization is an informal fallacy of faulty generalization by reaching an inductive generalization based on insufficient evidence-essentially making a hasty conclusion without considering all of the variables .
Since the summer of 1992 she has performed nearly every year with the Skaneateles Chamber Music Festival in Skaneateles , New York .
A year later , Hahn debuted at Carnegie Hall in New York as a soloist with the Philadelphia Orchestra .
During this time she coached violin with Jaime Laredo , and studied chamber music with Felix Galimir and Gary Graffman .
She began performing and touring in a crossover duo with singer-songwriter Josh Ritter in 2007 and with singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau in 2005 .
In addition to being a solo violinist , Hahn has also performed as a chamber musician .
In an interview with PBS in December 2001 , Hahn stated that of all musical disciplines , she is most interested in performance .
Between 1995 and 2000 she performed and studied chamber music at the Marlboro Music Festival in Vermont , and in 1996 she served as an artist and a member of the chamber music mentoring program of The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center .
In the same segment , she discusses her experiences emulating a lark while playing The Lark Ascending by Ralph Vaughan Williams .
In 1995 , Hahn made her international debut in Germany with a performance of the Beethoven Concerto for Violin with Lorin Maazel and the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra .
Hahn has played with orchestras such as the London Symphony Orchestra , New York Philharmonic , Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra , and the Singapore Symphony Orchestra .
In 1999 , Hahn said that she played Bach more than any other composer and that she had played solo Bach pieces every day since she was eight .
Hilary Hahn ( born November 27 , 1979 ) is a two-time Grammy-winning American violinist .
By sixteen , Hahn had completed the Curtis Institute 's university requirements , but elected to remain for several years to pursue elective courses , until her graduation in May 1999 with a Bachelor of Music degree .
She began playing the violin one month before her fourth birthday in the Suzuki Program of Baltimore 's Peabody Institute .
In a segment on NPR entitled `` Musicians in Their Own Words '' , Hahn speaks about the surreal experience of playing the Bach Chaconne ( from the Partita for Violin No. 2 ) alone on the concert stage .
The concert was broadcast on radio and television in Europe .
Soon thereafter , Hahn debuted with the Philadelphia Orchestra , Cleveland Orchestra , Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , and the New York Philharmonic .
She participated in a Suzuki class for a year .
The electromagnetic force is one of the four known fundamental forces .
After 1180 BC , amid general turmoil in the Levant associated with the sudden arrival of the Sea Peoples , the kingdom disintegrated into several independent `` Neo-Hittite '' city-states , some of which survived until as late as the 8th century BC .
Neurologist Oliver Sacks states that chimpanzees and other animals show no similar appreciation of rhythm yet posits that human affinity for rhythm is fundamental , so that a person 's sense of rhythm can not be lost ( e.g. by stroke ) .
Saxe-Coburg ( German : Sachsen-Coburg ) was a duchy held by the Ernestine branch of the Wettin dynasty in today 's Bavaria , Germany .
As of 2005 , the town has a population of 2,000 .
The town is located 56 km to the northeast of Damascus , and built into the rugged mountainside , at an altitude of more than 1500 metres .
However , modern roads and transportation , as well as accessibility to Arabic-language television and print media - and for some time until recently , also state policy - have eroded that linguistic heritage .
For the Muslim inhabitants , the legacy is all the more remarkable given that they were not Arabised , unlike most other Syrians who like them were Islamised over the centuries but also adopted Arabic and shifted to an `` Arab '' ethnic identity .
The distance from other major cities and its isolating geological features fostered the longevity of this linguistic oasis for over one and a half thousand years .
Religiously , the population consists of both Christians ( mainly Antiochian Orthodox and Melkite Greek Catholic ) and Muslims .
Ontiveros and her husband , Elías , had three sons .
Guadalupe `` Lupe '' Ontiveros ( September 17 , 1942 - July 26 , 2012 ) was an American film and television actress .
They resided in Pico Rivera , California .
She was nominated for an Emmy Award for her work on Desperate Housewives and received critical acclaim for her role in Chuck and Buck , for which she won the National Board of Review award for Best Supporting Actress , and was also nominated for an Independent Spirit Award .
For that role , she was nominated for Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture at the 2000 Independent Spirit Awards .
Ontiveros was born Guadalupe Moreno in El Paso , Texas , the daughter of Luz `` Lucita '' Castañón and Juan Moreno , middle-class Mexican immigrants who overcame a lack of formal education and were owners of a tortilla factory and two restaurants in El Paso .
By June 20 , 2006 , more than 500 million games of Halo 2 had been played and more than 710 million hours have been spent playing it on Xbox Live ; by May 9 , 2007 , this number had risen to more than five million unique players .
Halo 2 is the best-selling first-generation Xbox game with at least 6.3 million copies sold in the United States alone .
On release , Halo 2 was the most popular video game on Xbox Live , holding that rank until the release of Gears of War for the Xbox 360 nearly two years later .
Halo 2 is a 2004 first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie Studios .
Reflektor is the fourth studio album by Canadian indie rock band Arcade Fire , released on October 28 , 2013 on Merge Records .
On September 9 , 2013 , the band released two videos for the first single and title track from the album .
Some also note a lack of racial diversity in the Bear community , perceiving hirsuteness to be a standard of physical attractiveness that genetically favors white men aesthetically , socially and sexually among Bears .
In male bisexual and gay culture , a Bear is a large , hairy man who projects an image of rugged masculinity .
Fat ( or lack of it ) is a political issue , some of whom see their overweight condition as a form of self-acceptance .
Some slang terms relating to the Bear community include the following :
Many clubs are loosely organized social groups ; others are modeled on leather biker-patch clubs , with a strict set of bylaws , membership requirements , and charities .
Many claim discrimination has increased within the Bear community , as some men who self-identify as `` Bears '' or `` musclebears '' do not welcome higher-bodyfat men ( see chub ) at their events .
In 1995 , the T. Gill Bunch Centre was built .
This school is located on Vancouver Island in Mill Bay , British Columbia , Canada .
The regatta is held every year in April for three days .
Brentwood has been ranked consistently as one of the top academic high schools in British Columbia .
This oceanfront school has tennis courts , rugby fields , eight student residences , two academic buildings , a rowing boat house , laundry facilities , a cafeteria , a sportsplex , and a health center .
Brentwood College School is a co-educational boarding school that focuses on preparing students for the challenges of post-secondary education .
Brentwood College has been continuing to gain a sound reputation in the rowing world .
The original school was destroyed by a fire in 1947 , leaving only the chapel intact .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) is an international organization that was initiated in 1944 at the Bretton Woods Conference and formally created in 1945 by 29 member countries .
It was formed in 1911 from parts of Caldwell County , Mitchell County , and Watauga County .
Avery County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The county seat is Newland .
The county 's agricultural focus is the mass production of Fraser Fir Christmas Trees .
Beech Mountain school was the last K-8 school in Avery County .
The 1935 works were composed before June 1935 .
Bernard Herrmann ( June 29 , 1911 - December 24 , 1975 ) was an American composer known for his work in motion pictures .
He also composed scores for many other movies , including Citizen Kane , The Day the Earth Stood Still , The Ghost and Mrs. Muir , Cape Fear , and Taxi Driver .
His scores for the following films were also nominated for the list : These works are for narrator and full orchestra , intended to be broadcast over the radio ( since a human voice would not be able to be heard over the full volume of an orchestra ) .
An Academy Award-winner ( for The Devil and Daniel Webster , 1941 ; later renamed All That Money Can Buy ) , Herrmann is particularly known for his collaborations with director Alfred Hitchcock , most famously Psycho , North by Northwest , The Man Who Knew Too Much , and Vertigo .
Northumberland 's patron saint , Saint Cuthbert , was a monk and later abbot of the monastery , and his miracles and life are recorded by the Venerable Bede .
Cuthbert later became Bishop of Lindisfarne .
Monks from the Irish community of Iona settled on the island .
At some point in the early 700s the famous illuminated manuscript known as the Lindisfarne Gospels , an illustrated Latin copy of the Gospels of Matthew , Mark , Luke and John , was made probably at Lindisfarne and the artist was possibly Eadfrith , who later became Bishop of Lindisfarne .
St. Bede comments on this : Lindisfarne became the base for Christian evangelising in the North of England and also sent a successful mission to Mercia .
The monastery of Lindisfarne was founded by Irish monk Saint Aidan , who had been sent from Iona off the west coast of Scotland to Northumbria at the request of King Oswald .
Sometime in the second half of the 10th century a monk named Aldred added an Anglo-Saxon ( Old English ) gloss to the Latin text , producing the earliest surviving Old English copies of the Gospels .
FanMail was released in February 1999 .
TLC signed a new recording contract with Epic Records , and released an American version of the compilation album 20 on October 15 , 2013 .
TLC originally comprised singer Tionne `` T-Boz '' Watkins , rapper Lisa `` Left Eye '' Lopes and singer Rozonda `` Chilli '' Thomas .
TLC is an American girl group whose repertoire spans R&B , hip hop , soul , funk and new jack swing .
In 2002 , Lopes died in a car accident in Honduras .
The album was a critical and commercial success , being certified quadruple-platinum within a year and launching a number of US Hot 100 top-ten singles with `` Ai n't 2 Proud 2 Beg '' , `` What About Your Friends '' , and `` Baby-Baby-Baby '' which reached No. 2 on the Hot 100 .
Freedom from Fear is the last of a series of four oil paintings entitled , Four Freedoms painted by Norman Rockwell .
This work from the series was published in the March 13 , 1943 issue of The Saturday Evening Post alongside an essay by a prominent thinker of the day Stephen Vincent Benét .
At the University of Alabama , the Paul W. Bryant Museum , Paul W. Bryant Hall , Paul W. Bryant Drive and Bryant-Denny Stadium are all named in his honor .
He was best known as the longtime head coach of the University of Alabama football team .
Before arriving at Alabama , Bryant was head football coach at the University of Maryland , the University of Kentucky , and Texas A&M University .
Paul William `` Bear '' Bryant ( September 11 , 1913 - January 26 , 1983 ) was an American college football player and coach .
During his 25-year tenure as Alabama 's head coach , he amassed six national championships and thirteen conference championships .
Upon his retirement in 1982 , he held the record for most wins as head coach in collegiate football history with 323 wins .
Indonesia has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games .
The National Olympic Committee for Indonesia was created in 1946 and recognized in 1952 .
Indonesia first participated at the Olympic Games in 1952 , and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then , except for 1964 , due to controversy around the Games of the New Emerging Forces , and 1980 , when they participated in the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , also known as chronic obstructive lung disease ( COLD ) , and chronic obstructive airway disease ( COAD ) , among others , is a type of obstructive lung disease characterized by chronically poor airflow .
A number of other factors are less closely linked to COPD .
Early therocephalian fossils discovered in Middle Permian deposits of South Africa support a Gondwanan origin for the group , which seems to have spread quickly throughout the world .
The fossils of therocephalians are numerous in the Karoo of South Africa , but have also been found in Russia , China , and Antarctica .
Therocephalia is the group most closely related to the cynodonts , which gave rise to the mammals .
Like other non-mammalian synapsids , therocephalians are described as mammal-like reptiles .
Although almost every therocephalian lineage ended during the great Permian-Triassic extinction event , a few representatives of the subgroup called Eutherocephalia survived into the Early Triassic .
The therocephalians ( `` beast-heads '' ) are named after their large skulls , which , along with the structure of their teeth , suggest that they were carnivores .
However , the last therocephalians became extinct by the early Middle Triassic , possibly due to climate change and competition with cynodonts and various groups of reptiles .
Rebecca Renee Black was born on June 21 , 1997 , in Irvine , California .
She joined the school 's musical theater program , which she felt being involved in was `` meant to be , '' and that she became part of another family .
She is the daughter of John Jeffery Black and Georgina Marquez Kelly , both veterinarians .
They divorced in 2003 , when Black was in first grade .
In April 2011 , Black dropped out in favor of homeschooling citing both a need to focus on her career and a desire to avoid taunts from her former classmates .
Black was also failing English class due to her busy schedule .
Her mother is half Mexican , and her father , originally from Iowa , is of Italian , English , and Polish descent .
Rebecca Black ( born June 21 , 1997 ) is an American pop singer and dancer who gained extensive media attention with the 2011 single `` Friday '' .
Between its February 10 , 2011 upload date and its temporary removal from YouTube on June 16 , the music video received around 167 million views , gaining Black international attention as a viral star .
The couple also had a son , Chase , born August 25 , 1999 .
As of June 2013 , her grandmother lives in Illinois , and her aunts and uncles live around the U.S. Black originally attended private school from kindergarten to 6th grade , and moved to a public school due to an increasing amount of bullying .
Black re-uploaded it to her own channel three months later .
These included Carol Channing , Elvis Presley , John Wayne , Jimmy Stewart , Steve Irwin and Christopher Lloyd 's character in Taxi , Jim Ignatowski .
Stiles had first met Colin Mochrie years before while performing stand-up .
In 1995 , Stiles was asked by American comic Drew Carey to be a regular on his comedy The Drew Carey Show .
Stiles received a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program in 2002 for his work on the show .
and the role of Lewis Kiniski on The Drew Carey Show .
He plays Herb Melnick on the CBS comedy Two and a Half Men and was a performer on the show Drew Carey 's Improv-A-Ganza .
He first appeared in the fifth episode of the second season , which aired in late 1988 .
Stiles ' first line in the pilot episode of the show , `` And that 's why the French do n't wash , '' is a line he had previously used in an episode of the British version of Whose Line ?
Ryan Lee Stiles ( born April 22 , 1959 ) is an American actor , comedian , director , and voice actor whose work is often associated with improvisational comedy .
He appeared in one other episode of that season , before returning for four episodes of the third season .
His prominence increased with each season , including appearances in every episode of Season 4 , which was filmed in New York ; ultimately , he appeared in every episode from the seventh season onwards .
Stiles and Colin Mochrie were the only two performers to appear in every episode of the US version , although Wayne Brady also became a regular near the beginning of the second season .
In return , Mochrie often made jokes about Stiles 's height , nose , attractiveness , and tendency to wear exotic , flamboyant shoes .
, appearing in 76 of the series ' 136 episodes ( including compilations ) .
They first performed together in Vancouver TheaterSports , then in The Second City Toronto .
However , Stiles would sometimes stand up to or make jokes at the other performers ( including Drew Carey ) who made fun of Mochrie 's baldness or Mochrie in general , notably during Scenes From A Hat .
Stiles was known for several recurring impressions he performed on the shows .
Stiles was a regular on the show until 1998 , and the show 's short production season allowed him to make numerous television and film appearances in the United States .
Other than in early UK episodes , Stiles was always the last performer to sing in Hoedown and other similar musical games , allowing him more time to devise lyrics and giving him the final punchlines as well as the opportunity to inject ( usually not-so-subtle ) jabs at the Hoedown itself , or at the host for having him perform it .
The series was produced until 2006 .
Following the final season of the British version in 1998 , the American version premiered , with both Stiles and Carey credited as executive producers .
Stiles was the most prolific performer on the original UK version of Whose Line ?
Though other performers did so , he was the most common performer to make bald jokes at Mochrie 's expense .
He is best known for his career and co-production work on the American and British versions of Whose Line Is It Anyway ?
He made his dislike of the musical segments of the show abundantly clear at every opportunity whenever he was chosen to perform in them , mostly because of his inability to come up with lyrics quickly .
Stiles played Drew 's erudite but underachieving best friend , Lewis Kiniski .
In particular , he disliked the games Hoedown and Irish Drinking Song , often reacting negatively ( or with sarcastic enthusiasm ) to the games ' announcement .
In 1998 , Carey successfully lobbied ABC to get an American version of Whose Line Is It Anyway ?
On Whose Line , there were a number of games which exclusively paired Mochrie and Stiles every time they were played .
By 1989 , Stiles had gained the attention of the producers of the British improvisational comedy show Whose Line Is It Anyway ?
The youngest of five children , Ryan Stiles was born in Seattle , Washington , to Canadian mother and father Irene and Sonny Stiles .
It was frequently used as the seat of the king , and was the capital of Norway until 1217 .
The current municipality dates from 1964 , when Trondheim merged with Byneset , Leinstrand , Strinda and Tiller .
The 1651 fire destroyed 90 % of all buildings within the city limits .
The city of Trondheim was established on 1 January 1838 ( see formannskapsdistrikt ) .
In physics , the weber ( symbol : Wb ; \/ ˈveɪbər \/ , \/ ˈwɛbər \/ , or \/ ˈwiːbər \/ ) is the SI unit of magnetic flux .
The weber may be defined in terms of Faraday 's law , which relates a changing magnetic flux through a loop to the electric field around the loop .
A change in flux of one weber per second will induce an electromotive force of one volt ( produce an electric potential difference of one volt across two open-circuited terminals ) .
The weber is named after the German physicist Wilhelm Eduard Weber ( 1804-1891 ) .
A flux density of one Wb\/m2 ( one weber per square metre ) is one tesla .
Officially , The weber is commonly expressed in a multitude of other units : where Wb = weber , V = volt , T = tesla , J = joule , m = meter , s = second , A = ampere , Mx = maxwells .
$ 38,532,010 was made overseas .
It was distributed by 20th Century Fox .
The film grossed $ 98,267,558 , of which $ 59,735,548 was from the US & Canadian box office .
The story follows an elite special forces team , led by ` Dutch ' ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) , on a mission to rescue hostages from guerrilla territory in Central America .
Predator is a 1987 American action horror film directed by John McTiernan , starring Arnold Schwarzenegger , Carl Weathers , Jesse Ventura , and Kevin Peter Hall .
Released on June 12 , 1987 , Predator was # 1 at the US box office in its opening weekend with a gross of $ 12 million , which was second to only Beverly Hills Cop II for the calendar year 1987 .
Two sequels , Predator 2 ( 1990 ) and Predators ( 2010 ) , as well as two crossover films with the Alien franchise , Alien vs. Predator ( 2004 ) and Aliens vs. Predator : Requiem ( 2007 ) , have been produced .
Released in the United States on June 12 , 1987 , it grossed $ 98,267,558 .
The film 's budget was around $ 15 million .
Unbeknownst to the group , they are being stalked and hunted by a technologically advanced form of extraterrestrial life , the Predator .
It can be seen regularly in the US states of California , Arizona , New Mexico , Texas , Nevada , Utah , Colorado , Oklahoma , and less frequently in Kansas , Louisiana , Arkansas and Missouri , as well as the Mexican states of Baja California , Baja California Sur , Sonora , Sinaloa , Chihuahua , Durango , Jalisco , Coahuila , Zacatecas , Aguascalientes , Guanajuato , Michoacán , Querétaro , México , Puebla , Nuevo León , Tamaulipas , and San Luis Potosí .
It mainly feeds on insects , fruit and seeds with the addition of small reptiles , small rodents , spiders , scorpions , centipedes , millipedes , small birds , their eggs , and carrion , including roadkills .
It has a long , dark tail , a dark head and back , and is blue on the front of the neck and on the belly .
The roadrunner is about 52-62 cm ( 20-24 in ) long , has a 43-61 cm ( 17-24 in ) wingspan and weighs 221-538 g ( 7.8-19 .0 oz ) .
In Mexico , some said it brought babies , as the White Stork was said to in Europe .
The Greater Roadrunner nests on a platform of sticks low in a cactus or a bush and lays 3-6 eggs , which hatch in 20 days .
Some Pueblo Indian tribes , such as the Hopi , believed that the Roadrunner provided protection against evil spirits .
Roadrunners have 4 toes on each zygodactyl foot ; two face forward , and two face backward .
It stands around 25-30 cm ( 9.8-11 .8 in ) tall and is the largest North American cuckoo .
It kills larger prey with a blow from the beak-hitting the base of the neck of small mammals-or by holding it in the beak and beating it against a rock .
The Greater Roadrunner is the state bird of New Mexico .
Blixen wrote works in Danish , French and English .
Blixen is best known for Out of Africa , her account of living in Kenya , and one of her stories , Babette 's Feast , both of which have been adapted into highly acclaimed , Academy Award-winning motion pictures .
Karen von Blixen-Finecke ( Danish : ( kʰɑːɑn ˈb̥leɡ̊sn̩ ) ; 17 April 1885 - 7 September 1962 ) , née Karen Christenze Dinesen , was a Danish author also known by her pen name Isak Dinesen .
she does what no Hollywood star ever does except in desperation .
In 1963 , that kind of box office appeal was all she had left . ''
She does a nudie .
Mansfield was voted one of the Top 10 Box Office Attractions by theater owners that year .
Chicago Sun-Times movie critic Roger Ebert wrote , `` Finally in Promises !
It was the first Hollywood motion picture release of the sound era to feature a mainstream star-Jayne Mansfield-in the nude .
They end up changing partners when retiring to their rooms .
Sandy Brooks ( Mansfield ) is desperate to get pregnant , but her husband Jeff ( Tommy Noonan ) , a television script writer , is too stressed out to make love to her .
In an attempt at a sea change , they go on a pleasure cruise and meet another couple , Claire and King Banner ( Marie McDonald and Mickey Hargitay ) .
Both the original and an edited version enjoyed box office success in places where it was not banned , except for California .
Though the film actually showed her only topless , a photo in Kenneth Anger 's book Hollywood Babylon shows Mansfield on the set completely nude with pubic hair visible .
Later both women discover that they 're pregnant , and set out to find whether the fathers are their own or the other 's husband .
Made on a modest budget , the film 's publicity centered on Mansfield 's nude scenes as the main attraction .
Morphos range in wingspan from the 7.5 cm ( 3 inch ) M. rhodopteron to the imposing 20 cm ( 8 inch ) Sunset Morpho , M. hecuba .
The entire life cycle of the Morpho butterfly , from egg to death , is approximately 115 days .
The bulbous chrysalis is pale-green or jade-green and emits a repulsive , ultrasonic sound when touched .
It is suspended from a stem or leaf of the foodplant .
The strong odor is a defense against predators .
The caterpillar will molt five times before entering the pupal stage .
The blue Morpho species exhibit sexual dimorphism .
They are Neotropical butterflies found mostly in South America as well as Mexico and Central America .
Its hairs are irritating to human skin , and when disturbed it secretes a fluid that smells like rancid butter from eversible glands on the thorax .
A morpho butterfly may be one of over 29 accepted species and 147 accepted subspecies of butterflies in the genus Morpho .
These colors are not a result of pigmentation but are an example of iridescence through structural coloration : the microscopic scales covering the Morpho 's wings reflect incident light repeatedly at successive layers , leading to interference effects that depend on both wavelength and angle of incidence\/observance .
Bayes ' theorem can be used to calculate the probability that the person was a woman .
In a formula : Mathematically , Bayes ' theorem gives the relationship between the probabilities of A and B , P ( A ) and P ( B ) , and the conditional probabilities of A given B and B given A , P ( A  B ) and P ( B  A ) .
Tyra Banks , Kelly Cutrone , Bryanboy , and Rob Evans all returned as judges .
It is the 14th season to air on The CW .
This is the first cycle of America 's Next Top Model to include more than 14 contestants , as well as the first cycle to feature male contestants .
However , this will not be the first time male contestants have been allowed in the Top Model franchise , as Spain 's Supermodelo 2008 and Bosnia and Herzegovina 's OBN Star Model have previously included male contestants .
As in the previous cycle , public voting is still a factor in eliminations .
The twentieth cycle of America 's Next Top Model ( subtitled as America 's Next Top Model : Guys & Girls and stylized as ANTM 2.0 ) premiered on August 2 , 2013 .
The solvents are grouped into non-polar , polar aprotic , and polar protic solvents and ordered by increasing polarity .
The polarity is given as the dielectric constant .
Many others can damage internal organs like the liver , the kidneys , or the brain .
Some solvents including chloroform and benzene ( an ingredient of gasoline ) are carcinogenic .
The use of inorganic solvents ( other than water ) is typically limited to research chemistry and some technological processes .
Common uses for organic solvents are in dry cleaning ( e.g. , tetrachloroethylene ) , as paint thinners ( e.g. , toluene , turpentine ) , as nail polish removers and glue solvents ( acetone , methyl acetate , ethyl acetate ) , in spot removers ( e.g. , hexane , petrol ether ) , in detergents ( citrus terpenes ) , in perfumes ( ethanol ) , nail polish and in chemical synthesis .
Before the 20th century they were often called Sarts .
Tajik ( Persian : تاجيک , Tājīk ; Tajik : Тоҷик ) is a general designation for a wide range of Persian-speaking people of Iranian origin , with traditional homelands in present-day Tajikistan , Afghanistan and Uzbekistan .
The Tajiks of China , although known by the name Tajik , speak Eastern Iranian languages and are distinct from Persian Tajiks .
Dodder flowers range in color from white to pink to yellow to cream .
The original root of the dodder in the soil then dies .
The dodder can grow and attach itself to multiple plants .
If a plant is not reached within 5 to 10 days of germination , the dodder seedling will die .
Dodder seeds sprout at or near the surface of the soil .
Dodder is parasitic on a very wide variety of plants , including a number of agricultural and horticultural crop species , such as alfalfa , lespedeza , flax , clover , potatoes , chrysanthemum , dahlia , helenium , trumpet vine , ivy and petunias , among others .
From mid-summer to early autumn , the vines can produce small fruit that take the same color as the vine , and are approximately the size of a common pea .
After a dodder attaches itself to a plant , it wraps itself around it .
Some flower in the early summer , others later , depending on the species .
They have a hard coating , and typically can survive in the soil for 5-10 years , sometimes longer .
It has very low levels of chlorophyll ; some species such as Cuscuta reflexa can photosynthesize slightly , while others such as C. europaea are entirely dependent on the host plants for nutrition .
Before a host plant is reached , the dodder , as other plants , relies on food reserves in the embryo ; the cotyledons , though present , are vestigial .
If the host contains food beneficial to dodder , the dodder produces haustoria that insert themselves into the vascular system of the host .
In tropical areas it can grow more or less continuously , and may reach high into the canopy of shrubs and trees ; in temperate regions it is an annual plant and is restricted to relatively low vegetation that can be reached by new seedlings each spring .
The genus is found throughout the temperate and tropical regions of the world , with the greatest species diversity in subtropical and tropical regions ; the genus becomes rare in cool temperate climates , with only four species native to northern Europe .
Cuscuta ( dodder ) is a genus of about 100-170 species of yellow , orange , or red ( rarely green ) parasitic plants .
Both finals are held on Sunday of the following week .
The women 's main draw usually starts on Wednesday and the men 's main draw starts on Thursday .
The tournament is played on hard courts and is the best attended tennis tournament outside the four Grand Slam tournaments , with over 370,000 visitors during the event .
The tournament is a Masters 1000 event on the men 's tour and is a Premier Mandatory event on the women 's tour .
It has the second largest permanent tennis stadium in the world .
Both singles main draws include 96 players in a 128-player grid , with the 32 seeded players getting a bye to the second round .
The Indian Wells Masters , also known by its current sponsored name the BNP Paribas Open , is an annual tennis tournament held in Indian Wells , California , United States .
The event , held in March , is one of two tour events ( besides the Sony Ericsson Open in Key Biscayne , Florida ) in which main draw play extends beyond eight days .
Dahomey was a French colony of and a part of French West Africa from 1904 to 1958 .
On 11 December 1958 , the French Fifth Republic was established and the French Union became the French Community .
After World War II , by the establishment of the French Fourth Republic in 1947 , Dahomey became part of the French Union with an increased autonomy .
The colony became the self-governing Republic of Dahomey within the Community , and two years later on 1 August 1960 it gained full independence ( and in 1975 it changed its name to Benin ) .
On 1 August 1960 , the Republic of Dahomey gained full independence from France .
Lorre played the role of Joel Cairo in The Maltese Falcon ( 1941 ) and portrayed the character Ugarte in Casablanca ( 1942 ) .
Peter Lorre ( 26 June 1904 - 23 March 1964 ) was an Austrian-born American actor of Jewish descent .
Coordinates : 35 ° 11 ′ N 21 ° 25 ′ E \/ 35.18 ° N 21.41 ° E \/ 35.18 ; 21.41
Members of archaeal anaerobic methane oxidizers group 1 ( ANME-1 ) and haloarchaea are found only in the halocline .
L'Atalante is the smallest of the three ; its surface begins at about 3,500 m ( 11,500 ft ) below sea level .
The approximately 1.5 m ( 5 ft ) halocline between the seawater above and brine below teems with bacterial and archaeal cells : they are chemoautotrophs , which feed on ammonia from the brine but can not function without some oxygen .
L'Atalante basin is a hypersaline brine lake at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea about 192 km ( 119 mi ) west of the island of Crete .
The Albert 's Lyrebird ( Menura alberti ) is a timid , pheasant-sized songbird which is endemic to subtropical rainforests of Australia , in a small area on the state border between New South Wales and Queensland .
In Queensland , Alberts Lyrebird is found from Tamborine Mountain to Lamington National Park , and from the McPherson Range west to Mount Barney National Park to near Kilarney .
It is named for Lake Corangamite .
The Division of Corangamite is an Australian electoral division in the state of Victoria .
The division was one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election .
George Herbert Walker Bush ( born June 12 , 1924 ) is an American politician who served as the 41st President of the United States ( 1989-1993 ) .
Bush is often referred to as `` George H. W. Bush '' , `` Bush 41 '' , `` Bush the Elder '' , Bush I , or `` George Bush , Sr. '' to distinguish him from his son , former President George W. Bush .
A Republican , he had previously served as the 43rd Vice President of the United States ( 1981-1989 ) , a congressman , an ambassador , and Director of Central Intelligence .
George Herbert Walker Bush was born at 173 Adams Street in Milton , Massachusetts on June 12 , 1924 to Prescott Sheldon Bush and Dorothy ( Walker ) Bush .
Bush was born in Milton , Massachusetts , to Senator Prescott Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush .
His second son , Jeb Bush , served as the 43rd Governor of Florida ( 1999-2007 ) .
He served until the end of the war , then attended Yale University .
The speech at the convention included Bush 's famous pledge : `` Read my lips : no new taxes . ''
He is the oldest former President and Vice President , and the last former President who is a veteran of World War II .
Both of his sons also became infected , the eldest , Louis , Duke of Brittany , the latest in a series of Dauphins , succumbed to it on 8 March .
This match had been decided as part of the Treaty of Turin , which ended Franco-Savoyard conflicts during the Nine Years ' War .
At the age of 15 , he married his second cousin , Princess Marie-Adélaïde of Savoy , the daughter of Victor Amadeus II , Duke of Savoy and Anne Marie d'Orléans .
Louis was born in the Palace of Versailles , the eldest son of Louis , le Grand Dauphin , and his wife Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria .
The only one to survive was the two-year-old Duke of Anjou , the future King Louis XV .
The wedding took place on 7 December 1697 at the Palace of Versailles .
Louis became Dauphin of France upon the death of his father in 1711 .
The Duke of Burgundy , who dearly loved his wife and who had stayed by her side throughout the fatal illness , contracted the disease and died on 18 February , six days after her .
In February 1712 , his wife contracted measles and died on February 12 .
Louis , Duke of Burgundy and later Dauphin of France ( 16 August 1682 - 18 February 1712 ) was the eldest son of Louis , Dauphin of France .
At birth , he received the title of Duke of Burgundy ( duc de Bourgogne ) .
Louis grew up with his younger brothers ; Philip , Duke of Anjou , who was to become King Philip V of Spain ; and Charles , Duke of Berry .
Until he became the official Dauphin of France upon his father 's death in 1711 , he was known as Le Petit Dauphin to distinguish him from his father , who was known as le Grand Dauphin .
The Miami Dolphins selected him with the eighth overall pick in the 2012 NFL Draft .
Ryan Timothy Tannehill III ( born July 27 , 1988 ) is an American football quarterback for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
In 2006 , he became president of the British Racing Drivers ' Club , succeeding Jackie Stewart .
Damon Graham Devereux Hill OBE ( born 17 September 1960 ) is a retired English racing driver .
Their collision at the 1994 Australian Grand Prix gave Schumacher his first title by a single point .
He is the son of the late Graham Hill , and is the only son of a world champion to win the title .
During the mid-1990s , Hill was Michael Schumacher 's main rival for the Formula One Drivers ' Championship .
He was promoted to the Williams race team the following year after Riccardo Patrese 's departure and took the first of his 22 victories at the 1993 Hungarian Grand Prix .
Hill came back into contention for the title after winning the British Grand Prix , a race his father had never won .
The New York Public Library Jerome Robbins Dance Collection holds the nearly complete manuscript to the English edition and materials related to the French edition .
Fuller combined her choreography with silk costumes illuminated by multi-coloured lighting of her own design .
A regular performer at the Folies Bergère with works such as Fire Dance , Fuller became the embodiment of the Art Nouveau movement .
She drafted her memoires again in English a few years later , which were published under the title `` Fifteen Years of a Dancer 's Life '' by H. Jenkins ( London ) in 1913 .
Her warm reception in Paris during a European tour persuaded Fuller to remain in France and continue her work .
Although Fuller became famous in America through works such as Serpentine Dance ( 1891 ) , she felt that she was not taken seriously by the public who still thought of her as an actress .
Fuller 's autobiographical memoire `` Quinze ans de ma vie '' was written in French and published by F. Juven ( Paris ) in 1908 with an introduction by Anatole France .
An early free dance practitioner , Fuller developed her own natural movement and improvisation techniques .
Born Marie Louise Fuller in the Chicago suburb of Fullersburg , now Hinsdale , Illinois , Fuller began her theatrical career as a professional child actress and later choreographed and performed dances in burlesque ( as a skirt dancer ) , vaudeville , and circus shows .
An 1896 film of the Serpentine Dance by the pioneering film-makers Auguste and Louis Lumière gives a hint of what her performance was like .
Loie Fuller ( also Loïe Fuller ; January 15 , 1862 - January 1 , 1928 ) was a pioneer of both modern dance and theatrical lighting techniques .
In an October 22 , 1996 , address to the Pontifical Academy of Science , Pope John Paul II updated the Church 's position , recognizing that Evolution is `` more than a hypothesis '' - `` In his encyclical Humani Generis , my predecessor Pius XII has already affirmed that there is no conflict between evolution and the doctrine of the faith regarding man and his vocation ... Today , more than a half-century after the appearance of that encyclical , some new findings lead us toward the recognition of evolution as more than an hypothesis .
There are two ducts , connecting the left and right epididymis to the ejaculatory ducts in order to move sperm .
The vas deferens ( plural : vasa deferentia ) , also called ductus deferens ( Latin : `` carrying-away vessel '' ; plural : ductus deferentes ) , is part of the male anatomy of many vertebrates ; these vasa transport sperm from the epididymis to the ejaculatory ducts in anticipation of ejaculation .
Ethno-nationalists were against the unity and amalgamation of the federating units ( the many princely states and provinces of the western wing ) as West Pakistan .
West Pakistan formed a single and united political entity but with marked linguistic and ethnic distinctions .
The One Unit policy was regarded as an administrative reform that would reduce expenditure and help eliminate ethnic and parochial prejudices .
The province was composed of twelve divisions and the provincial capital was established at Lahore .
However , with the military coup of 1958 , trouble loomed for the province when the office of Chief Minister was abolished and the President claimed executive power over West Pakistan .
The province of East Bengal ( now Bangladesh ) was renamed East Pakistan with the provincial capital at Dacca .
The federal government moved the country 's capital in 1959 from Karachi to Rawalpindi ( serving as provisional capital until Islamabad was ready ) , while the federal legislature moved to Dacca .
The province of West Pakistan was dissolved on 1 July 1970 by President General Yahya Khan .
The actual author of the plan is alleged to be General ( and later President ) Ayub Khan .
The Bengali Prime Minister Mohammad Ali Bogra implemented the framework of the One Unit program , making the first official announcement on November 22 , 1954 .
Sikkim is the only state in India with an ethnic Nepali majority .
The Indian state of West Bengal lies to the south .
The Upper Paleolithic ( or Upper Palaeolithic , Late Stone Age ) is the third and last subdivision of the Paleolithic or Old Stone Age as it is understood in Europe , Africa and Asia .
They are widely considered to be one of the most dangerous large animals in Africa .
A group is called a pod , herd , dale , or bloat .
Hippos are also very aggressive towards humans , whom they commonly attack whether in boats or on land with no apparent provocation .
Zambia ( 40,000 ) and Tanzania ( 20,000-30 ,000 ) possess the largest populations .
The hippopotamus ( Hippopotamus amphibius ) , or hippo , from the ancient Greek for `` river horse '' ( ἱπποπόταμος ) , is a large , mostly herbivorous mammal in sub-Saharan Africa , and one of only two extant species in the family Hippopotamidae ( the other is the pygmy hippopotamus ) .
Nevertheless , they are still threatened by habitat loss and poaching for their meat and ivory canine teeth .
They emerge at dusk to graze on grasses .
The word `` hippopotamus '' is derived from the ancient Greek ἱπποπόταμος , hippopotamos , from ἵππος , hippos , `` horse '' , and ποταμός , potamos , `` river '' , meaning `` horse of the river '' .
Hippopotamuses have long been popular zoo animals .
The hippopotamus is one of the most aggressive creatures in the world and , as such , ranks among the most dangerous animals in Africa .
They are the third-largest type of land mammal by weight ( between 1 1\/2 and 3 tonnes ) : the only heavier species on average are the white and Indian rhinoceroses , typically 1 1\/2 to 3 1\/2 tonnes , and the elephants , typically weighing 3 to 9 tonnes .
Hippos have been clocked at 30 km\/h ( 19 mph ) over short distances .
Set 's consort Tawaret was also seen as part hippo and was a goddess of protection in pregnancy and childbirth , because ancient Egyptians recognized the protective nature of a female hippopotamus toward her young .
Hippos are recognizable by their barrel-shaped torsos , enormous mouths and teeth , nearly hairless bodies , stubby legs and tremendous size .
In English , the plural is hippopotamuses , but `` hippopotami '' is also used ; `` hippos '' can be used as a short plural .
Hippopotamuses are gregarious , living in groups of up to 30 animals .
Jon Meade Huntsman , Jr. ( born March 26 , 1960 ) is an American politician , businessman , and diplomat who served as the 16th Governor of Utah from 2005 to 2009 , and as United States Ambassador to Singapore from 1992 to 1993 , and China from 2009 to 2011 .
Huntsman maintained high approval ratings as Governor of Utah , reaching 90 % approval at times .
Huntsman was born March 26 , 1960 in Redwood City , California .
ABA uses environmental events .
The term `` Applied Behavior Analysis '' ( ABA ) first came to widespread use after the 1968 introduction of The Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis which publishes research examining the application of behavior analysis to socially-relevant behavior .
The response component of the reflex is called respondent behavior .
It is one of the three fields of behavior analysis .
ABA must be analytic , which means that the behavior analyst can control the behavior that is being changed by changing the control behavior .
ABA must be effective , which means that the application of these techniques changes the behavior it seeks to change .
Tom McArthur , editor of the Oxford Companion to the English Language said , `` In all the history of the language , there has never been such a powerful grassroots movement to influence it as the Plain English Campaign . ''
She was also a member of the UK 's National Consumer Council .
In 1994 , as an example of the linguistic issues she found objectionable , Maher pointed out that Britain 's National Health Service published a definition of the term bed that used 229 words .
In 1971 Maher founded the UK 's first community newspaper , the Tuebrook Bugle , which gave her the chance to write articles demanding that organizations start using plain English .
In 1974 Maher started The Liverpool News , the UK 's first newspaper for adults with reading difficulties .
Maher officially launched Plain English Campaign at a demonstration in London in 1979 .
In his last two years ( 1760-1761 ) at the college his scientific interests were aroused , and he studied chemistry , botany , astronomy , and mathematics .
He is widely considered to be the `` Father of Modern Chemistry . ''
Antoine-Laurent de Lavoisier ( also Antoine Lavoisier after the French Revolution ; 26 August 1743 - 8 May 1794 ; French pronunciation : ( ɑ̃twan lɔʁɑ̃ də lavwazje ) ) was a French nobleman and chemist central to the 18th-century Chemical Revolution and a large influence on both the histories of chemistry and biology .
Lavoisier began his schooling at the Collège des Quatre-Nations ( known as the Collège Mazarin ) in Paris in 1754 at the age of 11 .
Robert Reiner ( born March 6 , 1947 ) is an American actor , director , producer , and activist .
He also directed Misery , The Princess Bride and This Is Spinal Tap .
Reiner was born to a Jewish family in The Bronx , New York , and is the son of Estelle Reiner ( née Lebost ) , an actress , and Carl Reiner , a comedian , actor , writer , producer , and director .
Before the development of the electric guitar and the use of synthetic materials , a guitar was defined as being an instrument having `` a long , fretted neck , flat wooden soundboard , ribs , and a flat back , most often with incurved sides '' .
A 3,300-year-old stone carving of a Hittite bard playing a stringed instrument is the oldest iconographic representation of a chordophone .
Rather than having only six strings , the 12-string guitar has six courses made up of two strings each , like a mandolin or lute .
There are three main types of modern acoustic guitar : the classical guitar ( nylon-string guitar ) , the steel-string acoustic guitar , and the archtop guitar .
The 12-string guitar is also made in electric forms .
Classical guitars also known as Spanish guitars are typically strung with nylon strings , plucked with the fingers , played in a seated position and are used to play a diversity of musical styles including classical music .
The guitarra Latina had a single sound hole and a narrower neck .
He was the youngest son of the writer and editor Leonard Huxley by his second wife Rosalind Bruce , and hence half-brother of the writer Aldous Huxley and fellow biologist Julian Huxley , and grandson of the biologist T. H. Huxley .
He graduated and won a scholarship to Trinity College , Cambridge , to read natural sciences .
He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II on 12 November 1974 .
Sir Andrew Fielding Huxley , OM , PRS ( 22 November 1917 - 30 May 2012 ) was a Nobel Prize-winning English physiologist and biophysicist .
Huxley was born in Hampstead , London , England , on 22 November 1917 .
Huxley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 17 March 1955 , and was awarded the Copley Medal in 1973 `` in recognition of his outstanding studies on the mechanisms of the nerve impulse and of activation of muscular contraction . ''
Huxley , Alan Hodgkin and John Eccles jointly won the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine `` for their discoveries concerning the ionic mechanisms involved in excitation and inhibition in the peripheral and central portions of the nerve cell membrane '' .
Modems are generally classified by the amount of data they can send in a given unit of time , usually expressed in bits per second ( bit\/s or bps ) , or bytes per second ( B\/s ) .
The 300 bit\/s modems used audio frequency-shift keying to send data .
Vasiľ Biľak ( 11 August 1917 - 6 February 2014 ) was a Czechoslovak Communist leader of Rusyn origin .
From November 1968 until December 1988 he was a secretary of ÚV KSČ with significant influence on the foreign policy and the ideology of the party .
In the years 1955-1968 and 1969-1971 he was a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Slovakia ( ÚV KSS ) ; in 1962-1968 he was the secretary and from January until August 1968 General secretary of ÚV KSS ; from April 1968 until December 1988 a member of the Presidium of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia ( ÚV KSČ ) .
In 1960-1989 he was a member of National Assembly , later Federal Assembly .
Vasiľ Biľak was born in Krajná Bystrá ( Hungarian : Bátorhegy ) , and was originally a tailor .
Ashbourne is known for its annual two-day Royal Shrovetide Football Match , in which one half of the town plays the other at football , using the town as the pitch and with the goals three miles apart .
Ashbourne is a market town in the Derbyshire Dales , England .
His maternal grandfather , Max Rubens , was an immigrant from present-day Belarus , then also part of Russia .
Michael Bloomberg was born at St. Elizabeth 's Hospital , in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston , on February 14 , 1942 .
He also served as chairman of the board of trustees at his alma mater Johns Hopkins University from 1996 to 2002 .
His mother , Charlotte Rubens Bloomberg ( January 2 , 1909 - June 19 , 2011 ) , was a native of Jersey City , New Jersey .
His father , William Henry Bloomberg ( 1906-1963 ) , was a real estate agent and the son of Alexander `` Elick '' Bloomberg , an immigrant from Russia .
Bloomberg won a second term in 2005 and left the Republican Party two years later .
He campaigned to change the city 's term limits law and was elected to his third term in 2009 as an independent candidate on the Republican ballot line .
Michael Rubens Bloomberg ( born February 14 , 1942 ) is an American business magnate , politician and philanthropist .
On January 1 , 2014 , Bill de Blasio succeeded Bloomberg as mayor of New York City .
He was frequently mentioned as a possible candidate for the U.S. presidential elections in 2008 and 2012 , and for New York Governor in 2010 .
He defeated opponent Mark Green in a close election held just weeks after the September 11 terrorist attacks .
He declined to seek either office , instead opting to continue serving as Mayor of New York .
Bloomberg began his career at the securities brokerage Salomon Brothers before forming his company in 1981 and spending the next twenty years as its chairman and CEO .
He is the founder and 88 % owner of Bloomberg L.P. , the global financial data and media company notable for its Bloomberg Terminal .
A Democrat before seeking elective office , Bloomberg switched his party registration in 2001 to run for mayor as a Republican .
His family is Jewish .
With a net worth of $ 33 billion , he is the eleventh-richest person in the United States and the sixteenth-wealthiest in the world .
He served as the 108th Mayor of New York City , holding office for three consecutive terms beginning with his first election in 2001 .
Following the Act of Mediation the city of St. Gallen became the capital of the Protestant Canton of St. Gallen .
In 1311 St. Gallen became a Free imperial city .
People with circadian rhythm sleep disorders are unable to sleep and wake at the times required for normal work , school , and social needs .
Circadian rhythm sleep disorders ( CRSD ) are a family of sleep disorders affecting , among other things , the timing of sleep .
In the late 1980s , Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev introduced glasnost and perestroika , reforms to liberalise communism .
In September 1987 , he became the first East German head of state to visit West Germany , where he was received with full state honors by West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl in an act that seemed to confirm West Germany 's acceptance of East Germany 's existence .
During his time in office around 125 East German citizens were killed while trying to reach the West .
As the reform movement spread throughout Central and Eastern Europe , mass demonstrations against the East German government erupted , most prominently in Leipzig-the first of several demonstrations which took place on Monday night across the country .
For more than twenty years , Margot Honecker served as the East German Minister for People 's Education .
After returning to East Germany in 1958 Honecker became a fully-fledged member of the Politburo , taking over responsibility for military and security issues .
Erich Honecker ( German : ( ˈeːʁɪç ˈhɔnɛkɐ ) ; 25 August 1912 - 29 May 1994 ) was a German communist politician who , as the General Secretary of the Socialist Unity Party , led East Germany from 1971 until the weeks preceding the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 .
She became one of the most famous singers of the late Victorian Era and the early 20th century .
Dame Nellie Melba GBE ( 19 May 1861 - 23 February 1931 ) , born Helen `` Nellie '' Porter Mitchell , was an Australian operatic soprano .
Melba was born in Richmond , Victoria , the eldest of seven children of the builder David Mitchell and his wife Isabella Ann née Dow .
The first recorded use of beige as a color name in English was in 1887 .
It has come to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or pale warm appearance .
Beginning in the 1920s , the meaning of the term beige expanded to the point where it is now also used not only for pale yellowish-brown colors , but also for a wide range of pale brown and light brown shades as well .
Beige is a very pale brown color , variously described as a pale sandy fawn color , a grayish tan , a light-grayish yellowish brown , or a pale to grayish yellow .
Today it is best known as the anthem `` Jerusalem '' , with music written by Sir Hubert Parry in 1916 .
`` And did those feet in ancient time '' is a short poem by William Blake from the preface to his epic Milton a Poem , one of a collection of writings known as the Prophetic Books .
The legend is linked to an idea in the Book of Revelation ( 3:12 and 21:2 ) describing a Second Coming , wherein Jesus establishes a new Jerusalem .
England has no official anthem and uses the British national anthem `` God Save the Queen '' , also unofficial , for some national occasions , such as before English international football matches .
Upon hearing the orchestral version for the first time , King George V said that he preferred `` Jerusalem '' over `` God Save the King '' ( the national anthem ) , and `` Jerusalem '' is considered to be England 's most popular patriotic song ; The New York Times said it was `` Fast becoming an alternative national anthem , '' and there have even been calls to give it official status .
The poem was inspired by the apocryphal story that a young Jesus , accompanied by Joseph of Arimathea , a tin merchant , traveled to what is now England and visited Glastonbury during the unknown years of Jesus .
Essentially a tour of the then-new Walt Disney Studios facility in Burbank , California , the film stars radio comedian Robert Benchley and many Disney staffers such as Ward Kimball , Fred Moore , Norman Ferguson , Clarence Nash , and Walt Disney , all as themselves .
The first twenty minutes of the film are in black-and-white , the remainder is in Technicolor .
The Reluctant Dragon is a 1941 American live action and animated film produced by Walt Disney , directed by Alfred Werker , and released by RKO Radio Pictures on June 20 , 1941 .
Most of the film is live-action , with four short animated segments inserted into the running time : a black-and-white segment featuring Casey Junior from Dumbo ; and three Technicolor cartoons : Baby Weems , Goofy 's How to Ride a Horse , and the extended-length short The Reluctant Dragon , based upon Kenneth Grahame 's book of the same name .
The total length of all animated parts is 40 minutes .
The basic building-block of a line-commutated HVDC converter is the six-pulse bridge .
DC filters are only required for HVDC transmission systems involving overhead lines .
The National Assembly of the Republic of Belarus ( Belarusian : Нацыянальны сход Рэспублікі Беларусь , Russian : Национальное собрание Республики Беларусь ) is the bicameral parliament that governs the Eastern European country of Belarus .
The chambers of the National Assembly are convened to two regular sessions every year : the first session opens October 2 and its duration can not be more than 80 days ; the second session opens April 2 and does not last more than 90 days .
Michael Aspel then took up the role of host until the show ended in 2003 .
In the show the host surprises a special guest , before taking them through their life with the assistance of the ` big red book ' .
Both celebrities and non-celebrities have been ` victims ' of the show .
This is Your Life is a British biographical television documentary , based on the 1952 American show of the same name .
It was hosted by Eamonn Andrews from 1955 until 1964 , and then from 1969 until his death in 1987 aged 64 .
The show was originally broadcast live , and over its run it has alternated between being broadcast on the BBC and on ITV .
AMBER is officially a backronym for America 's Missing : Broadcast Emergency Response , but was named for Amber Hagerman , a 9-year-old abducted and murdered in Arlington , Texas , in 1996 .
When Philip II moved his court to Madrid in 1561 , a series of reforms began , reforms that aimed to transform the town into a capital city worthy of the name .
The Calle de Alcalá or Alcalá Street lead from the Puerta del Sol from the NE of the city .
In June 1561 , when the town had 30,000 inhabitants , Philip II of Spain moved his court from Toledo to Madrid , installing it in the old castle .
As the capital city of Spain , seat of government , and residence of the Spanish monarch , Madrid is also the political , economic and cultural center of Spain .
The Chicago Bears of the National Football League played at Wrigley Field from 1921 to 1970 before relocating to Soldier Field .
Weeghman Park \/ Cubs Park \/ Wrigley Field has served as the home baseball park for Major League Baseball 's Chicago Cubs franchise since 1916 .
Several now-demolished ballparks featured ivy in the playing area , including Forbes Field , Wrigley Field 's namesake in Los Angeles , and Bush Stadium in Indianapolis .
It was built in 1914 as Weeghman Park for the Chicago Federal League baseball team , the Chicago Whales .
News coverage of the event was worldwide .
In January 1925 doctors realized that a potentially deadly diphtheria epidemic was poised to sweep through Nome 's young people .
More than 20 mushers took part , facing a blizzard with − 23 ° F ( -31 ° C ) temperatures and strong winds .
The serum was transported by train from Anchorage to Nenana , where the first musher embarked as part of a relay aimed at delivering the needed serum to Nome .
A statue of Balto , sculpted by Frederick Roth , was erected in New York City 's Central Park on December 17 , 1925 , just 10 months after Balto 's arrival in Nome .
He was of Irish descent .
Sullivan was engaged to champion swimmer Sybil Bauer , but she died of cancer in 1927 at the age of 23 .
A former boxer , Sullivan began his media work as a newspaper sportswriter for The New York Evening Graphic .
In 1996 , Ed Sullivan was ranked No. 50 on TV Guide 's `` 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time '' .
Edward Vincent `` Ed '' Sullivan ( September 28 , 1901 - October 13 , 1974 ) was a US entertainment writer and television host , best known as the presenter of the television variety program The Toast of the Town , now usually remembered under its second name , The Ed Sullivan Show .
Sullivan has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6101 Hollywood Blvd. .
He was married to the former Sylvia Weinstein from April 28 , 1930 , until her death on March 16 , 1973 .
On December 22 , 1930 their daughter , Betty Sullivan ( who later married the Ed Sullivan Show 's producer , Bob Precht ) , was born .
Sullivan , still believing his ailment to be yet another complication from a long-standing battle with ulcers , died five weeks later , on October 13 , 1974 , at New York 's Lenox Hill Hospital .
Only his family was told , however , and as the doctors gave Sullivan very little time , the family chose to keep the diagnosis from him .
His funeral was attended by 3,000 at St. Patrick 's Cathedral , New York on a cold , rainy day .
Sullivan was born in Harlem , New York , the son of Elizabeth F. ( née Smith ) and Peter Arthur Sullivan , a customs house employee .
Sullivan was in the habit of calling Sylvia after every program to get her immediate critique .
In early September 1974 , X-rays revealed that Sullivan had advanced esophageal cancer .
In 1948 , the CBS network hired Sullivan to do a weekly Sunday night TV variety show , Toast of the Town , which later became The Ed Sullivan Show .
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , San Fernando spans an area of 2,441.3 km2 ( 943 sq mi ) and has 63,732 inhabitants ( 31,157 men and 32,575 women ) .
Founded in 1742 , it became the provincial capital in 1840 .
San Fernando is the capital of the province of Colchagua , in central Chile , and the second most populated urban center of the O'Higgins Region .
Located close to the Tinguiririca River ( a tributary of the Rapel ) in a fertile valley , San Fernando sits 1,112 feet ( 339 m ) above sea level .
Hamnet Shakespeare ( baptised 2 February 1585 - buried 11 August 1596 ) was the only son of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway , and the fraternal twin of Judith Shakespeare .
He died at age 11 .
Some Shakespearean scholars speculate on the relationship between Hamnet and his father 's later play Hamlet , as well as on possible connections between Hamnet 's death and the writing of King John , Romeo and Juliet , Julius Caesar , and Twelfth Night .
Larsen later claimed in a Kasparov.com interview ( 1998 ) that his one-sided loss to Fischer was due in part to his condition during the match : `` The organizers chose the wrong time for this match .
I was languid with the heat and Fischer was better prepared for such exceptional circumstances ... I saw chess pieces through a mist and , thus , my level of playing was not good . ''
Jørgen Bent Larsen ( 4 March 1935 - 9 September 2010 ) was a Danish chess Grandmaster and author .
He represented Denmark six times in Chess Olympiad play , always on first board , and compiled an aggregate score of 75\/109 ( +61 − 20 = 28 ) , for 68.8 % .
From the early 1970s , he divided his year between Las Palmas and Buenos Aires , with his Argentinian-born wife .
He won three board medals , one gold and two bronze .
He is considered to be the strongest player born in Denmark and the strongest from Scandinavia until the emergence of Magnus Carlsen .
He was awarded the first Chess Oscar in 1967 .
Eco was born in the city of Alessandria in the region of Piedmont in northern Italy .
In most cases , the emitted light has a longer wavelength , and therefore lower energy , than the absorbed radiation .
Fluorescence has many practical applications , including mineralogy , gemology , chemical sensors ( fluorescence spectroscopy ) , fluorescent labeling , dyes , biological detectors , and , most commonly , fluorescent lamps .
It is a form of luminescence .
Fluorescence is the emission of light by a substance that has absorbed light or other electromagnetic radiation .
The most striking examples of fluorescence occur when the absorbed radiation is in the ultraviolet region of the spectrum , and thus invisible to the human eye , and the emitted light is in the visible region .
Fluorescence in the life sciences is used generally as a non-destructive way of tracking or analysis of biological molecules by means of the fluorescent emission at a specific frequency where there is no background from the excitation light , as relatively few cellular components are naturally fluorescent ( called intrinsic or autofluorescence ) .
In this regard , it is frequently used as a contrasting term to popular music and traditional or folk music .
The main tradition in the Western world is usually called classical music .
He explains that each of these three is distinguishable from the others according to certain criteria .
The notion of art music is a frequent and well defined musicological distinction , e.g. , referred to by musicologist Philip Tagg as one of an `` axiomatic triangle consisting of ` folk ' , ` art ' and ` popular ' musics . ''
Art music ( also known as serious music , erudite music , or legitimate music ( often shortened to legit music ) ) , is an umbrella term used to refer to musical traditions implying advanced structural and theoretical considerations and a written musical tradition .
The two long bones of the lower leg , the tibia and fibula , are connected to the top of the talus to form the ankle .
On 1 January 2010 , at the age of 19 years , 32 days , he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world No. 1 .
A chess prodigy , in 2004 Carlsen became a grandmaster at the age of 13 years , 148 days , making him at that time the second youngest grandmaster in history , although he has since become the third youngest .
In November 2013 , Carlsen defeated Viswanathan Anand in the World Chess Championship 2013 , thus becoming the new world chess champion .
The lyrics to the anthem , officially adopted in 1996 , were written by Arif Al Sheikh Abdullah Al Hassan .
Slim Dusty was also :
At the time of his death at the age of 76 , Dusty had been working on his 106th album for EMI Records .
Slim Dusty was Australia 's most successful and prolific musical artist , with more Gold and Platinum albums than any other Australian artist .
Over the course of his career , he collected more gold and platinum albums than any other Australian artist .
He received an unequalled 37 Golden Guitar and two ARIA awards and was inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame and the Country Music Roll of Renown .
David Gordon Kirkpatrick , known professionally as Slim Dusty AO , MBE ( 13 June 1927 - 19 September 2003 ) was an Australian country music singer-songwriter and producer , with a career spanning nearly seven decades .
Dusty was the first Australian to have a No. 1 Hit song with Gordon Parsons ( `` A Pub with No Beer '' ) .
In 2007 , his domestic record sales in Australia surpassed seven million .
The national flag of Slovenia features three equal horizontal bands of white ( top ) , blue , and red , with the Slovenian coat of arms located in the upper hoist side of the flag centred in the white and blue bands .
The coat of arms is a shield with the image of Mount Triglav , Slovenia 's highest peak , in white against a blue background at the center ; beneath it are two wavy blue lines representing the Adriatic Sea and local rivers , and above it are three six-pointed golden stars arranged in an inverted triangle which are taken from the coat of arms of the Counts of Celje , the great Slovenian dynastic house of the late 14th and early 15th centuries .
The single transferable vote ( STV ) is a voting system designed to achieve proportional representation through ranked voting in multi-seat constituencies ( voting districts ) .
The National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on the system at 5:00 am EDT ( 0900 UTC ) on July 23 .
Tropical Storm Cristobal was the third named storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
The storm dropped 3.43 in ( 87 mm ) of rain in Wilmington , North Carolina , where minor flooding was reported .
The storm dropped 3.43 in ( 87 mm ) in Wilmington , North Carolina , where minor flooding occurred .
On the afternoon of July 22 , Cristobal began to weaken south of Nova Scotia .
Late on July 18 , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) remarked that a tropical depression was developing , with its convection becoming more concentrated around a circulation ; at 11 p.m. EST on July 18 ( 0300 UTC July 19 ) , it was classified as Tropical Depression Three , about 65 miles ( 105 km ) southeast of Charleston , South Carolina .
It reached peak intensity as a strong tropical storm on July 21 while it passed east of Cape Hatteras , and remained such over the warm Gulf Stream waters as convection became strong over the southern portion of the circulation .
A weak low pressure area developed on July 15 near Tallahassee , which moved southeastward into the Gulf of Mexico .
On July 14 , 2008 a weakening surface trough extended across northern Florida , producing thunderstorms across the state .
The sudden , heavy rainfall clogged storm drains , causing some street flooding .
It formed on July 19 from a trough of low pressure off the Southeast U.S. Coast .
Beginning to enter cooler waters , the cyclone accelerated east-northeastward on July 21 and July 22 .
Cristobal remained a fairly weak tropical storm as it tracked adjacent to the Carolina coast , and the storm never made landfall .
At Baccaro Point , 224 mm ( 8.8 in ) of rain was reported , while 145 mm ( 5.8 in ) fell at Sambro , near Halifax .
Additionally , the extratropical remnants contributed to rainfall on Nova Scotia which caused some street and basement flooding .
The rain flooded basements and streets in the Cape Sable area .
Because it was a weak storm and never made landfall , Cristobal 's effects were mostly limited to moderate rainfall .
The storm 's cloud pattern became disorganized , and by July 23 it had completed an extratropical transition .
A sailor from Connecticut was rescued 250 km ( 160 mi ) to the southeast of Halifax when his ship capsized in stormy seas .
Along the coast , water levels rose 1 foot ( 0.30 m ) above normal ; rough surf was also reported .
`` God Save the Queen '' is the national anthem of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .
In Northern Ireland , `` God Save the Queen '' is still used as the official anthem .
It was the first time in history of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest that the contest was held in last year 's winning country .
Public Television of Armenia ARMTV was the main organizer of the show , being provided financial aid from the European Broadcasting Union made of entrance fees from the participating broadcasters , while Swedish company HD Resources assisted with the technical side of the production .
This is Georgia 's second victory in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest .
The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2011 was the ninth edition of the contest , and took place in Yerevan , Armenia at the Karen Demirchyan Sports and Concerts Complex .
The winner was the group Candy from Georgia with the song Candy Music .
The 2002-03 NHL season was the 86th regular season of the National Hockey League .
The Stanley Cup winners were the New Jersey Devils , who won the best of seven series 4-3 against the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim .
Note : W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , OTL = Overtime Losses , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against , Pts = Points Divisions : AT - Atlantic , NE - Northeast , SE - Southeast P - Clinched Presidents Trophy ; Y - Clinched Division ; X - Clinched Playoff spot Note : CR = Conference rank ; GP = Games played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; OTL = Overtime loss ; GF = Goals for ; GA = Goals against ; Pts = Points Bolded teams qualified for the playoffs .
Delbrück was born in Berlin , German Empire .
He met Wolfgang Pauli and Niels Bohr , who interested him in biology .
Max Ludwig Henning Delbrück , FRS ( September 4 , 1906 - March 9 , 1981 ) , a German-American biophysicist , helped launch the molecular biology research program in the late 1930s .
While at Caltech , Delbrück researched bacteria and their viruses ( bacteriophages or phages ) .
In late 1947 , as Vanderbilt lacked the resources to keep him , Delbrück had returned to Caltech as a professor of biology , and remained there for the remaining duration of his career .
Having earned a Ph.D. in 1930 , he traveled through England , Denmark , and Switzerland .
AB III is the third studio album by the rock band Alter Bridge , released on October 8 , 2010 .
Passion there was none . '' )
In `` The Tell-Tale Heart , '' the old man represents the scientific rational mind while the narrator is the imaginative .
The story was first published in James Russell Lowell 's The Pioneer in January 1843 .
In that case , the `` vulture-eye '' of the old man is symbolizing parental surveillance and possibly the paternal principles of right and wrong .
The story 's final scene , however , is a result of the narrator 's feelings of guilt .
It is speculated that the narrator is confessing to a prison warden , judge , newspaper reporter , doctor or psychiatrist .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' is widely considered a classic of the Gothic fiction genre and is one of Poe 's most famous short stories .
It is unclear , however , if the narrator actually has very acute senses or if he is merely imagining things .
The poem shows the struggle between imagination and science .
The story was slightly revised when republished in the August 23 , 1845 , edition of the Broadway Journal .
The narrator may be a servant of the old man 's or , as is more often assumed , his son .
This rationality , however , is undermined by his lack of motivation ( `` Object there was none .
The opening is an in-progress conversation between the narrator and another person who is not identified in any way .
According to superstition , death-watches are a sign of impending death .
Like many characters in the Gothic tradition , his nerves dictate his true nature .
Despite this , he says the idea of murder , `` haunted me day and night '' .
The murder of the eye , then , is a removal of conscience .
The first word of the story , `` True ! ''
Readers during Poe 's time would have been especially interested amidst the controversy over the insanity defense in the 1840s .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1843 .
The eye may also represent secrecy , again playing on the lack of detail about the old man or the narrator .
One variety of deathwatch beetles raps its head against surfaces , presumably as part of a mating ritual , while others emit a ticking sound .
Only when the eye is finally found open on the final night , penetrating the veil of secrecy , is the murder carried out .
In fact , that ambiguity and anonymity add to the tale as an ironic counter to the strict attention to detail in the plot .
Despite his best efforts at defending himself , the narrator 's `` over acuteness of the senses , '' which help him hear the heart beating in the floorboards , is actually evidence that he is truly mad .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' was first published in January 1843 in the inaugural issue of The Pioneer , a short-lived Boston magazine edited by James Russell Lowell .
The story starts in medias res .
The narrator first admits to hearing death-watches in the wall after startling the old man from his sleep .
The story is driven not by the narrator 's insistence upon his innocence but by insistence on his sanity .
As the ringing grows louder , the narrator comes to the conclusion that it is the heartbeat of the old man coming from under the floorboards .
His denial of insanity is based on his systematic actions and precision-a rational explanation for irrational behavior .
If his condition is believed to be true , what he hears at the end of the story may not be the old man 's heart but deathwatch beetles .
This sparks the narrator 's need to explain himself in great detail .
Former United States Poet Laureate Richard Wilbur has suggested that the tale is an allegorical representation of Poe 's poem `` To Science '' .
The relationship between the old man and the narrator is ambiguous .
This , however , is self-destructive because in attempting to prove his sanity he fully admits he is guilty of murder .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' was reprinted several additional times during Poe 's lifetime .
It has been suggested that the old man is a father figure , the narrator 's landlord , or that the narrator works for the old man as a servant , and that perhaps his `` vulture-eye '' represents some sort of veiled secret , or power .
He tells them to tear up the floorboards to reveal the body .
Poe was likely paid only $ 10 for the story .
, is an admission of his guilt , as well as an assurance of reliability .
The murder is carefully calculated , and the murderer hides the body by dismembering it and hiding it under the floorboards .
Starting in 1973 , the Wheat Kings owned and operated a farm team in the MJHL , called the Travellers .
They won 8 Turnbull Cup Championships as Manitoba Junior Champions , 1939 , 1947 , 1949 , 1950 , 1960 , 1962 , 1963 , & 1964 and appeared in the Memorial Cup five times : in 1949 ( as an MJHL team ) , 1979 , 1995 , 1996 and 2010 , losing each time .
The 1949 Brandon Wheat Kings won the Abbott Cup defeating the Calgary Buffaloes .
The team plays its home games in Westman Communications Group Place ( Keystone Centre ) .
The Brandon Wheat Kings are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Brandon , Manitoba .
The Wheat Kings hold the CHL record for most points ( 125 ) in a single season , setting the mark in 1978-79 .
An earlier incarnation of the Wheat Kings played for the Stanley Cup in 1904 , but lost to the Ottawa Senators .
The Western Hockey League announced on October 16 , 2008 , that the Wheat Kings had been chosen to host the 2010 Memorial Cup championship at the Keystone Centre .
Prior to that they played in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League and were known as the Brandon Elks for a short time in the 1940s .
They went on to lose the Memorial Cup to the Montreal Royals .
They reached the final game , losing to the Windsor Spitfires .
They also played at Wheat City Arena until 1969 , and the Manex Arena from 1969 to 1972 .
The 1949 Brandon Wheat Kings were inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category .
They compete in the Western Hockey League , and joined the league in the 1967-68 season .
Note : GP = Games played , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , OTL = Overtime losses , Pts = Points , GF = Goals for , GA = Goals against Updated January 4 , 2014 .
The Alaskan Malamute is a generally large breed of domestic dog ( Canis lupus familiaris ) originally bred for use hauling heavy freight because of their strength and endurance , and later an Alaskan sled dog .
Since the 1970s the Gay House ( Bøssehuset ) , one of Christiania 's autonomous institutions , had been a center for gay activism , parties and theater .
In the paper , Ludvigsen wrote an article in which he and five others went on exploration into what he termed ` The Forbidden City of the Military ' .
