He died in 999 .
Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis ( Gregory Makar ) ( Grégoire de Nicopolis ) brought ginger bread to Europe in 992 .
The custom was to bake white biscuits and paint them as window decorations .
German immigrants brought it to Sweden during the 13th century .
After , it was a confection made with honey and spices .
Records show that gingerbread biscuits were sold in monasteries , pharmacies and town square farmers ' markets in the 16th century .
He left Nicopolis Pompeii , in Lesser Armenia to live in Bondaroy ( France ) and stayed seven years .
Before , gingerbread ( from Latin zingiber , then Old French gingebras ) meant preserved ginger .
Swedish nuns baked gingerbread to help indigestion in the year 1444 .
With a higher humidity , the rate of evaporation is less .
On 25 January 1858 he married Princess Victoria of the United Kingdom , eldest child of Queen Victoria and Albert the Prince Consort .
The son of a photocopier technician , he trained as a butcher but became involved in graffiti during the great Bristol aerosol boom of the late 1980s '' .
The movie was released in the UK on 5 March 2010 .
In January 2011 , he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary for the movie .
Banksy 's first movie , Exit Through the Gift Shop , billed as `` the world 's first street art disaster movie , '' made its debut at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival .
According to graphic designer Tristan Manco and the book Home Sweet Home , Banksy `` was born in 1974 and raised in Bristol , England .
Banksy 's work started in the Bristol underground scene , which had collaborations between artists and musicians .
However , art auctioneers have been known to attempt to sell his street art on location and leave the problem of its removal in the hands of the winning bidder .
His satirical street art and mind-hurting pictures combine dark humor with graffiti .
Banksy displays his art on public surfaces such as walls and even going as far as to build physical prop pieces .
His style is similar to Blek le Rat , who began to work with stencils in 1981 in Paris , and to members of the anarcho-punk band Crass , which did a graffiti stencil campaign on the London Underground system in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Such works have been done on streets , walls , and bridges of cities throughout the world .
Water flowing out of bogs has a characteristic brown color , which comes from dissolved peat tannins .
In general the low fertility and cool climate results in relatively slow plant growth , but decay is even slower owing to the saturated soil .
It is one of the four main types of wetlands .
Bogs have a distinctive group of plant and animal species , and are of high importance for biodiversity , particularly in landscapes that are otherwise settled and farmed .
Bogs occur where the water at the ground surface is acidic and low in nutrients .
Large areas of landscape can be covered many meters deep in peat .
Frequently , as the illustration on the right shows , they are covered in Ericaceous shrubs rooted in the Sphagnum moss and peat .
The gradual accumulation of decayed plant material in a bog forms a carbon sink .
Other names for bogs include mire , quagmire and muskeg .
Hence peat accumulates .
A bog is a wetland that accumulates peat , a deposit of dead plant material-often mosses , in most cases , Sphagnum moss .
Creatine is used for the production of adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , which is the human body 's energy .
Creatine is a combination of three non-essential amino acids , methionine , arginine and glycine .
There are fewer Western people than in the larger centers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai .
Important buildings include United Arab Emirates University , Higher Colleges of Technology , well-equipped medical facilities , including the teaching hospital at Tawam , military training areas and Al Ain International Airport .
It is often called the ` Garden City of the Persian Gulf ' because of the many parks , tree-lined avenues and decorative roundabouts within the city .
Al Ain regularly records the highest summer temperatures in the country , but the dry desert air makes it a welcome escape from the coastal humidity of the larger cities .
The city is home to the successful association football ( soccer ) club , Al Ain FC .
Other attractions include the Al Ain Oasis in the city center , and other oases around the area , cool places to escape the summer heat , a zoo , amusement park named `` Fun City '' , many well kept parks , popular with families in the summer evenings , a heritage village , as well as malls and other modern sites .
Al Ain ( Arabic : العين ) is a city in the United Arab Emirates .
Al Ain is becoming a place that tourists visit , with attractions such as Jebel Hafeet , a 1340 metre high mountain that dominates the surrounding area .
The city is in the emirate of Abu Dhabi , right next to the border with Oman .
There are more Emirati nationals in Al Ain than other places in the country , but most who live there are people who left other countries , particularly from the Indian sub-continent .
This performance won Tallari the ` Best Newcomer ' award at the 2008 Man of Ice Awards and ensured his selection for the 2007-08 EIHL All-Star team .
Tallari moved to the Hartford Wolf Pack , the farm team for the New York Rangers .
In 2001 Tallari began his career playing for Niagara University where he was team 's senior captain .
Joe Tallari ( born October 5 , 1980 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player .
He then moved to Europe , signing with the Manchester Phoenix in the summer of 2007 to play under Tony Hand .
On 07 May 2009 he left Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria and signed a contract with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm .
In April 2008 it was announced that Tallari would leave Manchester to sign for the Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria in order to try and qualify for the Italian national team .
He stayed for just one season before moving to the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL , where he again topped the 50 point mark .
Over the following three seasons , Tallari switched between teams in the ECHL and the AHL , spending time with the Cleveland Barons , the Bridgeport Sound Tigers ( on two occasions ) and the Las Vegas Wranglers .
Tallari finished the season as the EIHL 's second highest goal scorer , with 55 goals and 38 assists in 59 games .
For example , A0 denotes the hottest stars in the A class and A9 denotes the coolest ones .
The Sun is classified as G2 .
The spectral classes O through M are subdivided by Arabic numerals ( 0-9 ) .
The Harvard classification system is a one-dimensional classification scheme .
Physically , the classes indicate the temperature of the star 's atmosphere and are normally listed from hottest to coldest , as is done in the following table : Note : The conventional color description describe only the peak of the stellar spectrum .
The closest star to the Earth , the sun , is a class G star .
If you are here because this happened to you , there are two possibilities .
While some users can use them to circumvent censorship or filters , they have been used far too many times by far too many blocked vandals for Wikipedians to assume good faith on their part .
While it is possible to request a change in username , this takes a little longer and requires that a user with bureaucrat access do so .
These messages should include the names or abbreviations of those of our site rules ( the `` policies and guidelines '' ) that the blocking administrator believes you have violated .
Whichever method you choose , it is a good idea to have some review of the proposed new username first , to avoid ending up in the same quandary .
This includes Tor nodes .
If you are improperly blocked for sockpuppetry , you should realize that it may not always be easy or even possible to correct the situation .
Users confirmed or believed to have engaged in the practice must request unblock at their main account .
Most administrators consider such an unblock request a sure sign of a sock account ( particularly one with very few changes otherwise ) and will decline on that basis .
Most such accounts are soft-blocked , meaning a new account may be created while the old one is blocked .
It may help with your unblock request if you understand how they are reviewed , and by who .
First , the blocking administrator provides a brief reason that you will see when you try to make a change .
Second , he may leave a message explaining your block on your user talk page .
Accusations of sockpuppetry result in many blocks and almost as many unblock requests , as Wikipedia policy calls for the sockpuppet account to be blocked indefinitely and the sockpuppeteer to be blocked for some length of time .
This is done because it is the account name , not the behavior of the person behind it , which is the problem .
You should also review the blocking policy .
Before you make an unblock request , you should read the policies and guidelines named in your block reason .
An account with a username that indicates that they are trying to be disruptive , uses hateful or obscene language or otherwise shows that the user has disruptive or provocative intent will be hard blocked , meaning that an unblock request will be required .
If your server has been blocked as an open proxy , you will probably need to change using another connection : in most cases , proxies are `` hard blocked '' , which stops even logged-in users from using the connection to change .
Reviewing admins will usually defer to the blocking admin in a sockpuppetry-based block , especially if the sock account has few changes .
Meatpuppets will be blocked indefinitely , too ... do n't change on behalf of someone else , no matter how well you may know them .
To contest your block well , you must understand the reason for it .
Wikipedia policy on open proxies is clear : they are blocked for a long time without exception once identified .
Accounts with usernames that violate the username policy are often blocked indefinitely , regardless of their changing behavior .
Also , if the reviewing administrator decides that the block was justified , she will not unblock you unless she is convinced that you understand what you are blocked for , and that you will not do it again .
Do n't forget to insert your own reason .
Wikipedia admins can never be absolutely sure about sockpuppetry , and the most abusive users can be very sneaky in trying to stop detection .
Even without the use of Checkuser , or with a result of `` unrelated '' , an account that makes the same changes as a different blocked account , has the same linguistic peculiarities and the same general interests may remain blocked .
You , as a blocked user , are responsible for convincing administrators : Making convincing unblock requests is also important for other reasons : To make an unblock request , copy the following text to the bottom of your user talk page : -LCB- -LCB- unblock  1 = Insert your reason to be unblocked here -RCB- -RCB- .
This is a guide to making believable unblock requests .
This is a list of bad unblock requests : If you state in your request that the changes which led to your block were made by someone else who logged on to your account without your knowledge or permission , we will have to leave it blocked and request that you start over with a new account .
` Do not ' make an unblock request that includes a request for checkuser to `` prove your innocence '' .
Sometimes readers who have never or rarely changed before , or not from that location , with no goal of making an account , click on `` change this page '' only to find that changing from their IP address is blocked , for something they did n't do .
As a user requesting to be unblocked , it is your responsibility to tell clearly and briefly , in easily readable English , why your block violated Wikipedia 's blocking policy .
Users may be blocked from changing Wikipedia by administrators to stop damage or disruption to Wikipedia .
Blocks are canceled if they are not ( or no longer ) needed to stop such damage or disruption .
You are told about the block reason in two ways .
They are usually one or more from among the following : Vandalism , sockpuppetry , spamming or having a bad username .
The Eugene Boudin Prize is an award given by the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts of France .
In 1835 his father opened a small shop in Le Havre where Boudin worked with him , selling stationery and making picture frames .
Eugène Boudin ( 12 July 1824 - 8 August 1898 ) was a French painter of landscapes and seascapes .
The rockets are designed by a company called Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center .
All Angara versions can be launched from a single launch pad .
The first part of all Angara rockets consists of an engine called Universal Rocket Module ( in short : URM ) .
The first flight of Angara is expected to take place in 2012 from Plesetsk Cosmodrome .
His masterpiece is the Selimiye Mosque in Edirne .
Mimar Sinan or Koca Mi 'm âr Sinân Âğâ ( Ottoman Turkish : خواجه معمار سنان آغا ; Modern Turkish : Mimar Sinan ) ( 15 April 1489 - 9 April 1588 ) was an Ottoman architect and civil engineer .
The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 movie written and directed by the Wachowski brothers .
Neo meets a man named the Architect .
The awarding of the Order is administered by the Decoration Bureau of Office of the Prime Minister .
The Order of the Rising Sun ( 旭日章 , Kyokujitsu-shō ? )
Since then , it has been awarded in seven classes .
The Order was the first national decoration awarded by the Japanese Government , It was created on April 10 , 1875 by decree of the Council of State .
is a Japanese government honor established in 1875 by Emperor Meiji .
It is awarded in the name of the Emperor .
The Order was awarded in nine classes until 2003 .
The modern version of this honor has been given to non-Japanese recipients beginning in 1981 .
They called this object Teide 1 and it was found in the Pleiades open cluster .
The discovery of deuterium-burning down to 0.012 solar masses and the impact of dust formation in the cool outer atmospheres of brown dwarfs in the late 1980s brought these theories into question .
This discovery helped to establish yet another spectral class even cooler than L dwarfs , known as `` T dwarfs '' , for which Gliese 229B is the prototype .
Remarkably , its near-infrared spectrum clearly exhibited a methane absorption band at 2 micrometres , a feature that had previously only been observed in the atmospheres of giant planets and that of Saturn 's moon Titan .
Soon after the discovery of GD 165B , other brown-dwarf candidates were reported .
Although the discovery of the coolest dwarf was highly significant at the time , it was debated whether GD 165B would be classified as a brown dwarf or simply a very-low-mass star , because observationally it is very difficult to distinguish between the two .
Today , GD 165B is recognized as the prototype of a class of objects now called `` L dwarfs '' .
Most failed to live up to their candidacy , however , because the absence of lithium showed them to be stellar objects .
Alternative names for brown dwarfs were proposed , including planetar and substar .
Their strongest emissions are in the infrared ( IR ) spectrum , and ground-based IR detectors were too imprecise at that time to readily identify any brown dwarfs .
However , such objects were hard to find because they emit almost no visible light .
Nature highlighted `` Brown dwarfs discovered , official '' in the front page of that issue .
A brown dwarf below 65 Jupiter masses is unable to burn lithium by thermonuclear fusion at any time during its evolution .
The distance , chemical composition , and age of Teide 1 was established because it is in the young Pleiades star cluster .
Teide 1 was considered for some time the smallest object out of the Solar System that had been identified by direct observation .
Brown dwarfs more massive than 13 MJ are thought to fuse deuterium and those above ~ 65 MJ , fuse lithium as well .
Some are very close to Earth such as Epsilon Indi Ba and Bb , a pair of brown dwarfs gravitationally bound to a sunlike star around 12 light-years from the Sun , and WISE 1049-5319 a binary system of brown dwarfs about 6.5 light-years away .
For many years , efforts to discover brown dwarves were fruitless .
Their mass is between the heaviest gas giants and the lightest stars , with an upper limit around 75 to 80 times the mass of Jupiter ( MJ ) .
High-quality spectral data showed that Teide 1 had kept the initial lithium amount of the original molecular cloud from which Pleiades stars formed .
In 1994\/5 the study of brown dwarfs changed with the discovery of two definite substellar objects ( Teide 1 and Gliese 229B ) .
One school of thought is based on formation , and another on interior physics .
In 1988 , however , GD 165B was discovered , showing none of the features expected of a low-mass red dwarf star .
For some years now there has been debate concerning what criterion to use for defining the separation between a very-low-mass brown dwarf and a giant planet ( ~ 13 Jupiter masses ) .
Early theories suggested that an object less than 0.09 solar masses would never go through normal stellar evolution .
What became known as brown dwarfs were talked about in the 1960s .
Confusingly , brown dwarves have temperatures and luminosities similar to some true stars .
The nearest known brown dwarf is WISE 1049-5319 about 6.5 light years away , a binary system of brown dwarves discovered in 2013 .
In other words , the detection of lithium in the atmosphere of an object means that , if it is older than 100 my , it is a brown dwarf .
More notable was Gliese 229B , which was found to have a temperature and luminosity well below the stellar range .
About a Girl is a Canadian comedy television series , which was first shown on October 5 , 2007 on The N in the United States , and Global in Canada .
The show ended with 13 episodes in one season .
It is known from a well preserved partial skeleton that includes four long feathers on the tail , composed of a central rachis and vanes .
Zhang et al. suggest that unless Epidexipteryx evolved from flying ancestors and subsequently lost its wings , this may indicate that advanced display feathers on the tail may have predated flying or gliding flight .
It had teeth only in the front of the jaws , with unusually long front teeth angled forward , a feature only seen in Masiakasaurus among other theropods .
In all , the skeleton of Epidexipteryx hui measures 25 centimeters ( 10 inches ) in length ( 44.5 cm or 17.5 in including the incomplete tail feathers ) , and the authors estimated a weight of 164 grams , smaller than most other early dinobirds .
The tail of Epidexipteryx bore unusual vertebrae towards the tip which resembled the feather-anchoring pygostyle of modern birds and some oviraptors .
Epidexipteryx is the earliest known example of ornamental feathers in the fossil record .
Epidexipteryx also preserved a covering of simpler body feathers .
However , unlike in modern-style tail feathers , the vanes were not branched but made up of a single ribbon-like sheet .
It is a small maniraptoran dinosaur from the Middle or Upper Jurassic age Daohugou Beds of Inner Mongolia , China ( perhaps 152 to 168 million years ago ) .
Epidexipteryx ( ` display feather ' ) is a genus of small maniraptoran dinosaurs , known from one fossil specimen in Beijing .
They are unique in that some appear to arise from a `` membranous structure '' .
The skull of Epidexipteryx is also unique in a number of features .
Despite its close relationship to avialan birds , Epidexipteryx appears to have lacked wing feathers , and so it could not fly .
Germany also hosted the Summer Olympics the same year in Berlin .
The 1936 Winter Olympics , officially known as the IV Olympic Winter Games , were held in 1936 in the town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria , Germany .
Afterwards large parts belonged to the duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin , and a small part to the duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz ( see Mecklenburg ) .
The district of Güstrow was made in 1994 by joining the old districts of Güstrow , Teterow and Bützow .
From 1621 to 1695 the present-day district was the small duchy of Mecklenburg-Güstrow .
He was taken to a police station where he could only write his name : Kaspar Hauser .
Kaspar Hauser ( born probably 30 April 1812 ; died 17 December 1833 ) was a child who lived in Germany .
When he woke up from such a sleep he found that his hair and fingernails had been cut .
He asks the captain to take the boy or to hang him .
The following year , she played the teenage daughter of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis in True Lies .
She appeared in the Simple Plan music video , `` I 'm Just a Kid '' , as the band 's love interest , as well as Nickelback 's video for `` Rockstar '' .
Variety announced on August 2 , 2006 that Dushku would co-star with Macaulay Culkin in Sex and Breakfast , written and directed by Miles Brandman .
The movie will be released in Los Angeles in November 30 , 2007 and on DVD in January 22 , 2008 .
The same year Kevin Smith asked Dushku to be a part of Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back .
Faith returned as a heroine in several other episodes of Angel and in the last five episodes of Buffy .
Starting that same year , she also starred in a new Fox TV series , Tru Calling .
In 1993 , Dushku got the role as Pearl alongside Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio in This Boy 's Life .
She also had parts as Paul Reiser 's daughter in Bye Bye , Love , as Cindy Johnson with Halle Berry and Jim Belushi in Race the Sun , as well as roles in a television movie and a short movie .
After high school , Dushku returned to acting with the role of Faith , a Slayer much more troubled than the main character Buffy .
2003 saw the release of Wrong Turn , a horror movie in which Dushku had the starring role , and The Kiss , an independent comedy-drama .
She will also star in Open Graves , a horror-thriller movie about a satanic game .
Dushku 's father is Albanian-American and her mother has Danish ancestry .
She will play the main character on a thriller directed by Rob Schmidt who she had worked with before on Wrong Turn , called The Alphabet Killer .
She played the main character , Tru Davies , a ex-medical student who must take a job at a local morgue where she finds that she has the power to `` re-live '' the previous day over again .
She was then used as part of the first season of the Buffy spinoff series Angel .
It was announced on October 31 , 2007 that Dushku and Joss Whedon , famous for creating the Buffy series , agreed to create a new show called Dollhouse .
In 2000 , Dushku starred in Soul Survivors with her Race The Sun co-star Casey Affleck .
Dushku was born in Watertown , Massachusetts .
It was included as a cover version on her album Sobre el Fuego .
The remix version is included in Siempre Selena .
The ` small casinos ' will have a minimum customer area of 750 sq metres , up to 80 slot machines and a jackpot of # 4000 .
Definitions have been determined such that the ` super casino ' will have a minimum customer area of 5000 square metres and at most 1250 unlimited-jackpot slot machines .
Under the terms of the Gambling Act the Secretary of State is able to define each type of Casino , with reference to any matter he or she chooses ; although the act specifically mentions as facts to consider the number , location and concentration of gaming tables , and the floor area designated for a specific purpose .
Amongst the most controversial provisions was the establishment of a number of ` destination casinos ' in the style of Las Vegas , commonly referred to in the media as ` Super Casinos ' Initial drafts of the act proposed eight regional casinos but concerns expressed in the national media and by a range of addiction related social and religious groups meant that the final revision of the act permitted only one casino of the largest size , referred to as a ` Regional Casino ' , with a further eight ` large ' and eight ` small ' casinos of a smaller sizes and with reduced Jackpot limits .
In May 2006 , a short-list of eight sites , selected from various ones submitted by local councils , was announced for the location of the Regional Casino .
However , the Blackpool bid organisers pledged to continue the work in getting government approval for a ` supercasino ' .
` Large casinos ' will have a minimum area of 1000 square metres and up to 150 slot machines with a maximum jackpot of # 4000 .
The Gambling Act 2005 revised many regulations relating to gambling in England .
Customers were required to register twenty-four hours prior to gaming .
A Regional Casino , more commonly known as a Super Casino ( or occasionally known as Mega Casino ) , is the term given to the largest category of casino that was to have been permitted under UK law .
Prior to the act there were 140 casinos in the UK , the largest of which in Star City , Birmingham had a floor area of around 950 square metres .
These were : On 30 January 2007 it was announced that the first Regional Casino would be built in East Manchester near the City of Manchester Stadium .
This was a shock to the Blackpool and The O2 ( formerly the Millennium Dome ) bids .
This was stopped by the UK government soon after Gordon Brown became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
Jackie Gleason ( John Herbert Gleason ; February 26 , 1916 - June 24 , 1987 ) was an American comedian , actor , and musician .
Among his most noted movies roles were as Minnesota Fats in the drama movie The Hustler ( 1961 ) starring Paul Newman , and as Buford T. Justice in the Smokey and the Bandit movie series .
A HCL consists of an anode and a cathode inside of a glass tube .
He played 502 career NHL games , scoring 185 goals and 159 assists for 344 points .
Stewart died on November 18 , 2010 , in a hospital in Burlington , Ontario , at the age of 87 .
James Gaye Stewart ( June 28 , 1923 - November 18 , 2010 ) was a professional ice hockey forward .
In all , Gaye Stewart played for five of the NHL 's Original Six teams , all except the Boston Bruins .
After spending two years in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II , Stewart returned to the NHL in 1945 and had his best season , leading the league with 37 goals - the last time a Leaf led the League in scoring .
He played nine seasons as a left winger in the National Hockey League .
He became the first player to win the Stanley Cup before the Calder .
The next season , Stewart won the 1943 Calder Trophy , beating out Maurice ` The Rocket ' Richard of the Montreal Canadiens .
Danny Grant , Tony Esposito and Ken Dryden have accomplished it as well since then .
Stewart won his second Stanley Cup , again with the Maple Leafs , in 1947 .
Born in Fort William , Ontario , Stewart was promoted from the minors in 1942 to play in one game of the Stanley Cup Finals , where he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the championship .
Toronto traded Stewart to Chicago early in the 1947-48 season in a deal that brought Max Bentley to the Leafs , and he had three 20-goal seasons for the Black Hawks before finishing his career with stints in Detroit , New York and Montreal .
His works were a great influence on later writers like Ivan Turgenev , Ivan Goncharov and Leo Tolstoy .
Vertical distance measurements in the `` down '' direction are commonly referred to as depth .
At high altitude , atmospheric pressure is lower than that at sea level .
This climate affects the ecology at high altitude .
People living at higher elevations have a higher rate of suicide .
This can cause illnesses such as altitude sickness , High altitude pulmonary edema ( fluid in the lungs ) , and High altitude cerebral edema ( fluid in the brain , causing headaches and confusion ) .
High altitude is often said to begin at 2,400 metres ( 8,000 ft ) above sea level .
Altitudes above 1,500 metres ( 4,900 ft ) start to affect humans .
There are several types of aviation altitude .
This causes an alpine climate .
The height is either from the average sea level ( also called Mean Sea Level or MSL ) , or from the ground ( also called Above Ground Level , or AGL ) .
Gravity makes the air to be as close as possible to the ground .
The common pressure altimeter is a type of barometer with a dial showing distance ( feet or metres ) instead of atmospheric pressure .
The human body can deal with high altitude by breathing faster , having a higher heart rate , and changing the blood itself to have more red blood cells that can carry oxygen .
This can take days or weeks to happen .
As it rises , it can expand and it begins to cool .
Altitude means height above the ground or above the sea level .
The statuette given , a nude male figure holding both a mask of comedy and a mask of tragedy , is called `` The Actor '' .
SAG Awards have been one of the major awards events in Hollywood since 1995 .
The second SAG awards aired live from the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium , while later awards have been held at the Shrine Exposition Center .
The first SAG Awards aired live on February 25 , 1995 from Stage 12 , Universal Studios .
It is 16 inches tall , weighs over 12 pounds , cast in solid bronze , and produced by the American Fine Arts Foundry in Burbank , California .
A Screen Actors Guild Award is an award given by the Screen Actors Guild ( SAG ) to recognize outstanding performances by its members .
Nominations for the awards come from 4200 randomly selected members of the union , with the full membership ( 120,000 as of 2007 ) available to vote for the winners .
In 1708 , Peter the Great gave the estate to his wife as a present .
In the 17th century , the place belonged to a Swedish noble .
It was Catherine I who started to develop the place as a place for royal people .
By the end of the 18th century , Tsarskoye Selo became a popular place for noble people to visit in the summer .
Instead , it is part of the town of Pushkin and of the World Heritage Site .
She built the Catherine Palace , now known as the Cameron Gallery .
On September 17 , 1941 the Germans destroyed the town of Pushkin , destroying many historical buildings and other artifacts .
2 ( Two ; i \/ ˈtuː \/ ) is a number , numeral , and glyph .
The square root of two was the first known irrational number .
If the last digit of a number is even , then the number is even .
The next prime number is three .
Two has many meanings in math .
Two also has the unique property that 2 +2 = 2 · 2 = 2 ² .
Two is the smallest , first , and only even prime number .
The binary way is the simplest system of numbers in which natural numbers ( 0-9 ) can be written .
Harju County ( Estonian : Harju maakond ) is one of the 15 counties of Estonia .
It is also used to make an amalgam with metals such as aluminum .
This regional parliament or legislature then elects the premier and confirms the cabinet members .
The main axis of the state is the Rhine river , that forms the border with Baden-Württemberg and Hesse in the southeast before running across the northern part of Rhineland-Palatinate .
The Ministers President since 1947 : Rhineland-Palatinate is divided into 24 districts , grouped into the three administrative regions : Koblenz , Trier and Rheinhessen-Pfalz .
It was formed from the northern part of the French Occupation Zone ( the Rhenish Palatinate or German : pfalz which had been a part of Bavaria ) as well as the southern parts of the Prussian Rhine Province , Birkenfeld which formerly belonged to Oldenburg , parts of the Prussian Province of Nassau ( see Hesse-Nassau ) , and parts of Hesse-Darmstadt as well as Rheinhessen on the western banks of the Rhine .
The capital is Mainz .
These mountains are separated from each other by the tributaries of the Rhine : the Moselle ( Mosel ) , the Lahn and the Nahe .
Rhineland-Palatinate borders on ( from the north and clockwise ) North Rhine-Westphalia ( another German state ) , Hesse ( another German state ) , Baden-Württemberg ( another German state ) , France , Saarland ( another German state ) , Luxembourg , and Belgium .
The Rhine Valley is bounded by mountains with some of the historically most significant places of Germany .
Rhineland-Palatinate was created on 30 August 1946 .
Pygmalion is a play by George Bernard Shaw .
Santiago de Cuba province has been the site of many battles , both during the war for independence and the 1959 Cuban Revolution , where much of the guerrilla fighting took place in the mountainous province .
Santiago de Cuba Province is the second most populated province in the island of Cuba .
The natural beauty of the area is attracting many tourists from both the rest of Cuba and from overseas .
One of these was Oriente province , which was , prior to 1905 , known as Santiago de Cuba province .
Industry is growing around the capital , as is tourism .
The economy , however , relies mostly on agriculture , with large plantations growing bananas , cacao and coffee dotting the landscape .
The largest city Santiago de Cuba ( 554,000 ) is its main administrative center .
The province has many material resources such as iron and nickel .
Before 1976 , Cuba was divided into six provinces .
Examples of such organometallic compounds include all Gilman reagents , which contain lithium and copper .
For example , hemoglobin and myoglobin contain an iron center coordinated to the nitrogen atoms of a porphyrin ring ; magnesium is the center of a chlorin ring in chlorophyll .
The field of such inorganic compounds is known as bioinorganic chemistry .
Metal beta-diketonates , alkoxides , and dialkylamides are representative members of this class .
Organometallic chemistry is the study of chemical compounds containing bonds between carbon and a metal .
In certain organometallic compounds such as ferrocene or dibenzenechromium , the pi orbitals of the organic moiety ligate the metal .
However , methylcobalamin ( a form of Vitamin B12 ) , with a cobalt-methyl bond , is a true organometallic complex , one of the few known in biology .
Two important classes are organolithium and Grignard reagents .
Many complexes have coordination bonds between a metal and organic ligands .
The term `` metalorganics '' usually refers to metal-containing compounds lacking direct metal-carbon bonds but which contain organic ligands ( carbon chains hanging near the metal atom ) .
The organic ligands often bind the metal through a heteroatom such as oxygen or nitrogen , in which case such compounds are called `` coordination compounds '' .
Organometallic chemistry combines aspects of inorganic chemistry ( the study of non-carbon bonds ) and organic chemistry ( the study of carbon bonds ) .
Organometallic compounds with bonds that have characters in between ionic and covalent are very important in industry .
In addition to the traditional metals , elements such as boron , silicon , arsenic , and selenium form organometallic compounds , e.g. organoborane compounds such as triethylborane ( Et3B ) .
The metal-carbon bond in organometallic compounds is half way between being ionic and covalent .
Many organic coordination compounds occur in nature .
They are distinguished by the prefix `` organo - '' ( for example , organopalladium compounds ) .
It is the tallest building in the United States that is west of the Mississippi River .
U.S. Bank Tower is a skyscraper in Los Angeles , California , United States .
Tommy Ramone , also known as Thomas Erdelyi ( born Erdélyi Tamás ; January 29 , 1952 ) , is a Hungarian-American record producer and musician .
He was the drummer for an early and important punk rock band , The Ramones .
The Division of Oxley is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland .
It was created in 1949 and named after the Australian explorer , John Oxley .
Hayden became a minister in the Hawke Government and in 1988 was made Governor-General .
Oxley covers the south western suburbs of Brisbane , as well as part of the city of Ipswich .
Its best-known member was Bill Hayden , the Labor Opposition Leader between 1977 and 1983 .
As the centuries passed Doncaster became an important staging post on the route between London and Edinburgh .
Doncaster has an international airport which was opened in 2005 .
Schistosomiasis , caused by one genus of trematodes , is the second most devastating of all human diseases caused by parasites , surpassed only by malaria .
Some do enormous harm to humans and their livestock .
She designed her tombstone .
Offices of the Opportunity House were later opened in Thailand , Vietnam , and the Philippines .
Buck died on March 6 , 1973 of lung cancer in Danby , Vermont .
The book won a Pulitzer Prize in 1932 .
Buck 's mother died in 1921 of a disease called sprue .
Buck and her family lived in Nanjing from 1920 to 1933 .
It was later re-named Pearl S. Buck International .
She wrote about women 's rights , immigration , adoption , war , missionary work , and Asian life .
In 1920 , they had a daughter .
Those colleges were the University of Nanjing and the National Central University .
Squid have the largest eyes in the animal kingdom .
In 1978 , sharp , curved claws on the suction cups of squid tentacles cut up the rubber coating on the hull of the USS Stein .
The Kraken is a legendary tentacled monster possibly based on sightings of real giant squid .
In February 2007 , a New Zealand fishing vessel caught a Colossal Squid weighing 495 kilograms ( 1,091 lb ) and measuring around 10 metres ( 33 ft ) off the coast of Antarctica .
The size suggested the largest squid known at the time .
Most squid are no more than 60 centimetres ( 24 in ) long , although the giant squid may reach 13 metres ( 43 ft ) .
The skin is covered in chromatophores , which enable the squid to change color to suit its surroundings , making it effectively camouflaged .
Squid , like cuttlefish , have eight arms arranged in pairs , and two longer tentacles with suckers .
Squid are cephalopods of the order Teuthida .
Squids have a head-like structure , with sense organs and brains in the front end .
The construction is of the Italian Renaissance style and was built in the late 17th century .
In colonial times , the Church of El Sagrario was one of the largest architectural marvels of Quito .
It has a screen that supports its sculptures and decorations .
There are about 130 monumental buildings ( which hosts a variety of pictorial art and sculpture , mostly of religious inspired in a multi-faceted range of schools and styles ) and 5,000 properties registered in the municipal inventory of heritage properties .
In the museum located on the north side of the lower cloister are wonderful pieces of great Quito sculptors such as the Saint Dominic de Guzmán by Father Carlos , the Saint John of God by Caspicara , and the Saint Thomas Aquinas by Legarda .
Its central arch leads to a dome decorated with frescoes of biblical scenes featuring archangels , work by Francisco Albán .
In 1976 , the Spanish artist Agustín de la Herrán Matorras was commissioned by the religious order of the Oblates to build a 41 metres ( 135 ft ) - tall aluminum monument of a madonna , which was assembled on a high pedestal on the top of Panecillo .
The Historic Centre of Quito is located in the center south of the capital on an area of 320 hectares ( 790 acres ) , and is considered one of the most important historic areas in Latin America .
The roof of the Mudéjar style church features paintings of martyrs of the Order of Saint Dominic .
In addition to the administrative units in the third level of the Palace is the presidential residence , a luxurious colonial-style apartment in which they live the President and his family .
Rafael Correa , president since 2007 , considering that Carondelet Palace and its agencies are Ecuadoran heritages , convert the presidential compound into a museum accessible to all who wish to visit it .
The roof of the nave is composed of a pair and knuckle frame , coated inside by pieces of tracery .
In this was founded the largest fraternity in the city of Quito .
Carondelet Palace ( Spanish : Palacio de Carondelet ) is the seat of government of the Republic of Ecuador , located in the historical center of Quito .
Another Baroque piece that stands is the Chapel of Nuestra Señora del Rosario , which is a recognizable feature of the architecture of Quito .
This was placed in the late 19th century by Italian Dominicans .
El Panecillo is a hill located in the middle west of the city at an altitude of about 3,016 metres ( 9,895 ft ) above sea level .
Axis is the nerve of the public space known as Independence Square or Plaza Grande ( colonial name ) , around which were built in addition the Archbishop 's Palace , the Municipal Palace , the Hotel Plaza Grande and the Metropolitan Cathedral .
A monument to the Virgin Mary is located on top of El Panecillo and is visible from most of the city of Quito .
To this end , areas were organized to locate objects within their cultural contexts , to make them accessible to the world , which used several rooms and spaces within the palace .
This structure was built by Bernardo de Legarda .
It is located on Calle García Moreno , near the Cathedral .
The work was completed in the first half of the 17th century .
The altarpiece was gilded by Legarda .
The Historic Center of Quito , Ecuador is one of the largest , least-altered and best-preserved historic centers in the Americas .
Inside the church are valuable structures , such as the neo-Gothic main altar .
This chapel was built beside the church , in the gospel side .
Although they arrived in Quito in 1541 , in 1580 the Dominicans started to build their temple , using the plans and direction of Francisco Becerra .
Construction began in 1562 , seventeen years after the diocese of Quito was created ( 1545 ) and located in the heart of the historic city and its status as the main church of the city , is one of the largest religious symbols of spiritual value for the Catholic community in the city .
The history of this emblematic building dating back to colonial times , around 1570 , with the acquisition of the former royal houses located in the city of Quito During the Republican era , almost all the presidents ( constitutional , internees and dictators ) have dispatched from this building , which is the seat of Government of the Republic of Ecuador .
Quito was designated a World Cultural Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1978 .
Quito is the second largest city in Ecuador after Guayaquil .
Quito is the capital city of Ecuador .
A birth certificate is a vital record that documents the birth of a child .
The certificate itself usually includes some or all of the following information : Most countries have statutes and laws that regulate the registration of births .
In the United States , it is the responsibility of the mother 's physician , midwife , or a hospital administrator to prepare the official birth certificate .
During 1873 it was moved to the Accademia Gallery in Florence to protect it from damage .
The Division of Wilmot was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Tasmania .
The Division was named after Sir John Eardley-Wilmot , the sixth Lieutenant-Governor of Tasmania .
At various times it included the towns of Deloraine , Beaconsfield , Devonport , Latrobe and New Norfolk .
The stretch of DNA that is transcribed into an RNA molecule is called a transcription unit .
The other strand is called the coding strand .
The matching RNA strand is a ` pre-messenger RNA ' .
The DNA sequence is copied by a special enzyme called RNA polymerase to make a matching RNA strand .
Diffraction occurs with all waves , including sound waves , water waves , and electromagnetic waves such as light that the eye can see .
Ellison co-founded Oracle Corporation in 1977 with Bob Miner and Ed Oates under the name Software Development Laboratories ( SDL ) .
He also served as the Chairman of the Board until his replacement by Jeffrey O. Henley in 2004 .
On August 22 , 2008 the Associated Press ranked Ellison as the top-paid chief executive in the world .
In 1979 SDL changed its name to Relational Software , Inc. ( RSI ) .
In 1995 , Oracle Systems Corporation changed its name to Oracle Corporation .
The company also builds tools for database development and systems of middle-tier software , enterprise resource planning software ( ERP ) , customer relationship management software ( CRM ) and supply chain management ( SCM ) software .
Part of Oracle Corporation 's early success came from using the C programming language to install its products .
He had also heard about the IBM System R database from an article in the IBM Research Journal by Ed Oates .
Ellison wanted to make Oracle 's product compatible with System R , but IBM stopped this by keeping the error codes for their DBMS ( DataBase Management System ) secret .
Ellison had read a 1970 paper written by Edgar F. Codd on relational database management systems ( RDBMS ) .
As of 2013 ( update ) , Larry Ellison , a co-founder of Oracle Corporation , has served as Oracle 's CEO throughout its history .
At this stage Bob Miner was the company 's senior programmer .
In 1982 , RSI renamed itself Oracle Systems to make the relation to its main product , Oracle Database , clearer .
Oracle Corporation is an American company .
It makes hardware systems and enterprise software ( software for businesses ) such as database management systems .
By 2007 Oracle had the third-largest software revenue , after Microsoft and IBM .
On the first disc , the North American edition has `` The Best of Me '' as the last track , while the International edition moved the song to the 2nd disc , and had `` All I Want Is You '' instead .
The album 's enclosed booklet has notes about the process of the recordings and the credits for each track .
The two disc set includes songs from 1980-2005 .
All the songs are in chronological order of their release , except the last song on the first disc on the North American edition , which was released in 1999 .
Anthology is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005 .
The album was released on October 18 , 2005 and features songs like `` Heat of the Night '' , and `` Summer of ' 69 '' .
Anthology co-produced by Adams , Robert Lange and Bob Clearmountain , peaked at number 65 on the Billboard 200 .
On the second disc , The North American edition has two songs from his Album Room Service and a new recorded version of `` When You 're Gone '' with Pamela Anderson , while the International edition has the Chicane song `` Do n't Give Up '' in place of Chicane 's remix of `` Cloud Number Nine '' , and a new song `` I 'm Not the Man You Think I Am '' ( from the movie Colour Me Kubrick ) , and the original version of `` When You 're Gone '' with Mel C. instead .
A third disc which was a DVD live concert which was recorded in mid 2005 called `` Live in Lisbon '' was included in North America for a limited time .
Anthology peaked at 4 on the Canadian Album Chart 29 on the UK Albums Chart and was certified two times platinum in Canada and gold in the UK .
On January 24 , 1972 , Sergeant Shoichi Yokoi was discovered by hunters .
Lieutenant General Takeshi Takashina was killed on July 28 , and Lieutenant General Hideyoshi Obata took over the command of the defenders .
He had lived alone in a cave for 27 years .
The next day , Obata committed ritual suicide .
Liberation Day continues to be celebrated on Guam every July 21 .
After the battle , Guam was turned into a base for Allied operations .
Supply was very difficult for the Americans in the first days of the battle .
Four U.S. Marines were awarded the Medal of Honor for their brave actions during the Battle of Guam : PFC Luther Skaggs Jr. , PFC Frank Witek ( after death ) , PFC Leonard F. Mason ( after death ) and Captain ( later General ) Louis H. Wilson , Jr. .
B-29 bombers flew from the island to attack targets in the Western Pacific and on mainland Japan .
The Japanese refused to surrender , and almost all were killed .
The invasion of Saipan was planned for June 15 , 1944 , with landings on Guam planned for June 18 .
At the start of August they were running out of food and ammunition and had only a few tanks left .
Japanese attacks were made throughout the first few days .
Obata moved to the mountainous central and northern part of the island .
A few Japanese soldiers hid in the jungle .
The 77th Infantry Division had to walk through the shallow water .
It is 30 miles ( 48 km ) long and 9 miles ( 14 km ) wide .
The Allied plan for the invasion of the Marianas was for heavy bombing by planes and then bombing by battleships .
The Second Battle of Guam ( July 21 - August 10 , 1944 ) was the capture of Guam by the United States from Japanese control .
On December 8 , 1945 , three U.S. Marines were killed .
It was not as fortified as the other Mariana Islands , such as Saipan .
Guam is surrounded by reefs , cliffs , and heavy waves .
On July 21 , the Americans landed on both sides on the western side of Guam .
A large Japanese carrier attack and heavy fighting in Saipan led to the invasion of Guam being delayed for a month .
The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade landed to the south .
Guam was chosen as a target because it was big enough to be a base for the next attacks on the Philippines , Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands .
The Athenians and Eretrians succeeded in capturing and burning Sardis , but were forced to retreat with heavy losses .
The Athenians , joined by a small force from Plataea , marched to Marathon , and blocked the two exits from the plain of Marathon .
The Persian force then sailed for Attica , landing in the bay near the town of Marathon .
The Battle of Marathon is perhaps now more famous as the inspiration for the Marathon race .
In response to this raid , Darius swore to burn Athens and Eretria to the ground .
The defeat at Marathon marked the end of the first Persian invasion of Greece .
Although historically inaccurate , the legend of a Greek messenger running to Athens with news of the victory became the inspiration for this athletic event , introduced at the 1896 Athens Olympics , and originally run between Marathon and Athens .
The Battle of Marathon was a watershed in the Greco-Persian wars , showing the Greeks that the Persians could be beaten .
After Darius died , his son Xerxes I re-started the preparations for a second invasion of Greece , which finally began in 480 BC .
Once the Ionian revolt was crushed by the Persian victory at the Battle of Lade , Darius began planning to conquer Greece .
Then , Athens and Eretria had sent a force to support the cities of Ionia , who were trying to overthrow Persian rule .
However , in 486 BC , his Egyptian subjects revolted , postponing any Greek expedition .
In 490 BC , he sent a naval task force under Datis and Artaphernes across the Aegean , to subjugate the Cyclades , the group of Greek islands in the Aegean Sea .
The next two hundred years saw the rise of the Classical Greek civilization , which has been so influential in western society .
The battle was the end of the first attempt by Persia , under King Darius I , to conquer Greece .
The next step was to attack Athens and Eretria .
It was part of the first Greco-Persian war .
Archaeologically they are usually made of stone : primarily being flint , obsidian , or chert ; but in many excavations bone , wooden and metal arrowheads have been found .
Arrowheads are attached to arrow shafts and may be `` thrown '' ( similar to a spear thrower ) , or fired from a bow .
Comparative anatomy is the scientific comparison of animal bodies .
The National Stadium of Costa Rica ( Spanish : Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica ) is a multi-purpose stadium .
It is the home ground of the Costa Rica national football team .
It is the second game in the EarthBound series , after Mother .
EarthBound ( called Mother 2 in Japan ) is a console role-playing game made by Ape , Inc. and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console .
He has also served on diocesan , national and international committees for liturgy , worship and ecumenism .
He was a member of the standing committee for the 1998 Lambeth Conference .
His term as presiding bishop ended on November first 2006 .
He attended the General Theological Seminary and earned his B.A. and M. A , in theology from Oriel College , Oxford University ( 1962 , 1966 ) .
He was co-chair of the Anglican-Roman Catholic International Commission from 1998 to 2003 .
Frank Tracy Griswold III ( born 18 September 1937 in Bryn Mawr , Pennsylvania ) was the 25th Presiding Bishop and Primate of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Frank Griswold was the bishop of Chicago from 1987 until he became presiding bishop in 1997 .
Griswold went to school at St. Paul 's School in Concord , New Hampshire .
The last Leonid storms were in 1999 , 2001 ( two ) , and 2002 ( two ) .
Leonid storms gave birth to the term `` meteor shower '' when it was first realized , during the November 1833 storm , that the meteors radiated from near the star Gamma Leonis .
Before that , there were storms in 1767 , 1799 , 1833 , 1866 , 1867 , and 1966 .
NASA has a useful tool to calculate how many meteors per hour are visible from your observing location .
A meteor shower is the result of an interaction between a planet , such as Earth , and streams of debris from a comet .
When the Leonid shower is not storming it is less active than the Perseids .
The Leonid meteor shower peaks around 17 November of each year .
The fragments tend to fall apart quickly into dust , sand , and pebbles , and spread out along the orbit of the comet to form a dense meteoroid stream , which later moves into Earth 's path .
About every 33 years , the Leonid shower produces a big meteor storm , peaking at thousands of meteors per hour .
The most visible meteor shower in most years are the Perseids , which peak on 12 August each year at over one meteor per minute .
The meteoroids spread out along the entire orbit of the comet to form a meteoroid stream , also known as a `` dust trail '' .
Most meteors are smaller than a grain of sand , so almost all of them burn up and never hit the Earth 's surface .
They originated from a breakup of asteroid-like objects , 2003 EH1 and 3200 Phaethon , respectively , about 500 and 1000 years ago .
Most of our short-period meteor showers are the product of rare disintegrations , when large chunks break off a mostly dormant comet .
Comets are dirty snowballs , made up of rock embedded in ice , orbiting the Sun .
Each time a comet swings by the Sun in its orbit , some of its ice vaporizes and meteoroids will be shed .
These meteors are caused by meteoroids entering Earth 's atmosphere at extremely high speeds on parallel paths .
A meteor shower is an event when many meteors seem to come from one point in the night sky .
He carried out `` the single most outstanding act of explosive ordnance disposal ever recorded in Afghanistan '' .
His father was serving in the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers .
He was awarded the George Cross because he made safe over 80 improvised explosive devices in Afghanistan .
Kim Spencer Hughes GC ( born 12 September 1979 ) is a British Army soldier .
In 1988 , he moved to Telford .
Notice of the award was published in the London Gazette on 19 March 2010 .
The provinces are :
The provinces are divided into 37 departments .
It became a new country on August 17 , 1960 .
Gabon is divided into nine provinces .
Its capital is Libreville .
His letters gave foundation to the easy and popular Urdu .
Most notably , he wrote several ghazals during his life , which have since been interpreted and sung in many different ways by different people .
letters ... Not only Urdu poetry but the prose is also indebted to Mirza Ghalib .
Before Ghalib , letter writing in Urdu was highly ornamental .
He made his letters `` talking '' by using words and sentences as if he is talking to the reader .
According to him `` sau kos say ba-zabaan-e-qalam baateiN kiya karo aur hijr meiN visaal kay ma-zay liya karo '' ( from hundred of miles talk with the tongue of the pen and enjoy the joy of meeting even when you are separated ) His letters were very informal , some times he will just write the name of the person and start the letter .
He is considered to be the most popular and influential poet of the Urdu language .
He himself was very humorous and also made his letter very interesting .
Mirza Ghalib become orphaned when he was just 5 years old .
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights , and the idea of human rights in general , is meant to stop oppression .
Racism , sexism and other prejudices can cause oppression , especially if laws are made based on them .
They can weigh over 170 g ( 6.0 oz ) .
The female spiders sometimes eat their mates .
The age of majority in the Republic of Ireland is 18 , but a person must be over 21 years old to stand for election .
This is a list of the age of majority in various countries ( or administrative divisions ) :
For example , the youngest a person is allowed to purchase alcohol is 21 in all U.S. states even though the age of majority is 18 .
The law in a given place may never actually use the words `` age of majority '' when deciding when people become adults .
Even after a person reaches the age of majority , there may be other age-based rules that they still have to follow , such as the right to stand for office in elections or become a judge .
Verwoerd once described apartheid as a `` policy of good neighbourliness '' .
Three days before his death , Verwoerd held talks with the Prime Minister of the Lesotho , one of the native tribes in South Africa , Chief Leabua Jonathan , at the Union Buildings in Pretoria .
Following the meeting , a joint statement was issued by the two governments with special emphasis on `` co-operation without interference in each others ' internal affairs '' .
Verwoerd was rushed to Groote Schuur Hospital , but was declared dead upon arrival .
Verwoerd is often called the `` Architect of Apartheid '' for his role in apartheid policy when he was Minister of Native Affairs and then Prime Minister .
Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd ( September 8 , 1901 - September 6 , 1966 ) was Prime Minister of South Africa from 1958 to 1966 .
A parliamentary messenger named Dimitri Tsafendas stabbed Verwoerd in the neck and chest four times before other Assembly members restrained him .
On 6 September 1966 , Verwoerd was murdered in Cape Town , shortly after entering the House of Assembly at 2:15 pm .
Members who were also trained as medical practitioners rushed to aid Verwoerd and started giving cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
He was born in the Netherlands .
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is a 1969 American movie from 20th Century Fox .
It won four Academy Awards : for Best Cinematography ( shooting work on a movie ) , Best Original Score , Best Song ( Burt Bacharach 's `` Raindrops Keep Fallin ' on My Head '' ) and Best Original Screenplay ( William Goldman ) .
During the Tang Dynasty , the area to be known as Chang ` an included the area inside the Ming Xi'an fortification , plus some small areas to its east and west , and a major part of its southern suburbs .
The imperial city of Chang ` an during the Han Dynasty was in northwest of today 's Xi'an .
Around 750 A.D. Chang ` an was called a `` million people 's city '' in Chinese records , while modern estimates put it at around 800,000-1 ,000,000 within city walls .
During this time Chang ` an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world .
During the Xin Dynasty , the city was renamed `` Constant Peace '' ; yet after its fall in the year 23 AD , the old name was restored .
During the Ming Dynasty , the name was changed to its present name Xi'an , meaning `` Western Peace '' .
Chang ` an literally means `` Perpetual Peace '' in Classical Chinese .
The Tang Chang ` an was 8 times the size of the Ming Xi'an .
Chang ` an was the capital of ancient China of more than ten dynasties in Chinese history .
Science and philosophy , according to this view , are said to form a continuum .
Naturalism is `` the idea or belief that nothing exists beyond the natural world '' .
In July 2009 , Toyota announced it would not host the race at Fuji Speedway in 2010 and beyond due to a downturn in the global economy .
The race was to become famous for the battle between James Hunt and Niki Lauda for the championship .
Lauda had survived a near-fatal crash at the German Grand Prix earlier in the season .
Hunt returned to win the second Japanese Grand Prix .
The Japanese Grand Prix has been hosted by both the Fuji Speedway and the Suzuka Circuit .
There was a collision between Gilles Villeneuve and Ronnie Peterson in the race .
Hunt finished third , and ended up winning championship by a margin of one point .
It is in sonata form .
The orchestra needs 3 flutes ( one doubling piccolo ) , 3 oboes ( one doubling cor anglais ) , 3 clarinets ( one doubling bass clarinet ) , 3 bassoons ( one doubling contrabassoon ) , 4 French horns , 3 trumpets , 3 trombones , tuba , timpani , side drum , bass drum , cymbals , triangle , tamtam , 2 harps and strings The first movement , called Introduzione by Bartók , is a slow introduction which sounds like music describing the night .
The work was written in 1943 and it was first performed on 1 December 1944 in the Boston Symphony Hall by the Boston Symphony Orchestra with the conductor Serge Koussevitzky .
At other times there are drones in the horns and strings .
The second movement is called `` Giuoco delle coppie '' which means `` Game of pairs '' .
Using a four-track recorder , this first performance featured Harrison 's guitar on track 1 , Lennon 's guitar on track 2 , Ringo 's drums on track 3 , and McCartney 's piano set on track 4 .
By 21 March , the final mono mix was completed and a month later , the stereo mix was done .
Pink Floyd watched the Beatles recording `` Lovely Rita '' .
Instead of becoming angry , he accepted it with good grace and expressed his feelings in song .
Recording began on 23 February 1967 .
The unusual noises during the song after the lines `` and the bag across her shoulder \/ made her look a little like a military man '' were John Lennon , Paul McCartney , and George Harrison playing comb and paper .
It is American slang for a female traffic warden , now officially known by the gender-neutral term parking attendant .
`` Lovely Rita '' is a song by The Beatles performed on the album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , written and sung by Paul McCartney , although as with all McCartney-written Beatles songs it is credited to Lennon\/McCartney .
The term `` meter-maid '' was largely unknown in the UK prior to the song 's release .
When asked why he had called her `` Rita '' , McCartney replied , `` Well , she looked like a Rita to me '' .
The band later added lead vocal , bass , and a three-part backing vocal section .
According to some sources , the song emanates from when a female traffic warden named Meta Davis gave a parking ticket to McCartney outside Abbey Road Studios .
It is about a female parking attendant and the narrator 's love for her .
It is rumored that `` Lovely Rita '' influenced the song `` Pow R. Toc H. '' found on their first album , `` The Piper at the Gates of Dawn '' .
The only source of information on them are to be found in Buddhist and Jain literature .
The Kalabhra dynasty ruled over entire Tamil country in South Indian between the 3rd and the 6th century C.E. .
The winner was 19-year-old Brittani Kline from Beech Creek , Pennsylvania .
The international destination for this cycle is Marrakech , Morocco .
America 's Next Top Model , Cycle 16 is the sixteenth cycle of America 's Next Top Model and the tenth season to be aired on The CW network .
In the UK it is the sixth-best-selling album of all time .
The Dark Side of the Moon became one of the best-selling albums of all time .
The Dark Side Of The Moon is a famous album by the band Pink Floyd .
It held the number one spot in the US for only a week .
The album came back on the Billboard charts when the Top Pop Catalog Albums chart was introduced in May 1991 .
Werriwa now covers the suburbs of Austral , Bardia , Bow Bowing , Casula , Claymore , Denham Court , Edmondson Park , Eschol Park , Glenfield , Horningsea Park , Hoxton Park , Ingleburn , Leppington , Lurnea , Macquarie Fields , Minto , Minto Heights , Prestons , Raby , St Andrews and Varroville and parts of Liverpool , Leumeah and West Hoxton .
The Division of Werriwa is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales .
Werriwa was the electorate ( 1952-78 ) of former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam .
The division was one of the original 75 divisions for Australia 's first federal election in 1901 .
In a by-election in March 2005 , Labor 's Chris Hayes was elected with over 55 % of the vote .
The name Werriwa is the local Aboriginal name for Lake George .
The Australian Electoral Commission tries to keep the names of original Federation electorates .
From 1994 to 2005 the Werriwa was held by one of Whitlam 's former aides , Mark Latham .
The start of the river is at Irwell Springs on Deerplay Moor , about 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) north of the town of Bacup , in the parish of Cliviger , Lancashire .
The River Irwell is a 39 miles ( 63 km ) long river which flows through the Irwell Valley in the counties of Lancashire and Greater Manchester in North West England .
The Irwell flows through the city centres of Manchester and Salford , before joining the River Mersey near Irlam .
She was first known as a member of the Polish rock band Virgin .
She was featured on CNN , as the tenth most famous Pole in history .
put her among ten most influential women in Poland .
In 2011 Polish magazine Viva !
Dorota Rabczewska , nicknamed Doda or Doda Elektroda , ( born February 15 , 1984 , in Ciechanów , Poland ) is a famous Polish singer with one of the largest number of awards in Poland .
After the group disbanded she continued with a solo career releasing an album in 2007 called Diamond Bitch and another album The Seven Temptations which was released in 2011 .
After him , his sons succeeded as king , Ahaziah and Jehoram .
As in the prophecy of Elijah , the dogs licked up his blood .
Ahab or Ach ` av or Achab in Douay-Rheims ( Hebrew : אַחְאָב , Standard Aḥʼav Tiberian ʼAḥăʼāḇ , ʼAḫʼāḇ ; `` Brother of the father '' ; Greek : Αχααβ ; Latin : Achab ) was King of Israel and the son of Omri .
Beck Hansen ( better known as simply Beck ) ( born Bek David Campbell , July 8 , 1970 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American singer , musician , and multi-instrumentalist .
For example , in a 1997 case , the US Supreme Court recognized the problem of `` opinion evidence which is connected to existing data only by the ipse dixit of an expert '' .
Ipse dixit is used to identify and describe a dogmatic statement which the speaker expects the listener to accept as valid .
Jeremy Bentham changed the term ipse-dixit into the word ipse-dixitism .
He played mostly for TSV 1860 München .
Harald Cerny ( born 13 September 1973 ) is a former Austrian football midfielder .
Cerny made his debut for Austria in March 1993 against Greece .
He was also in the squad for the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France .
He played 47 matches and scored four goals .
His last international was an April 2004 against Luxembourg .
Sometimes , human capital is used as well .
Human resources is all the people working for a company or organization .
Phillip `` Phil '' O'Donnell ( 25 March 1972 - 29 December 2007 ) was a Scottish football player .
Peter Paul Wyngarde ( born Cyril Goldbert 23 August 1928 ) is an English singer , television and movie actor best known for his role as Jason King , a bestselling novelist turned sleuth , in two British television series in the late 1960s and early 1970s : Department S ( 1969 - 1970 ) , and Jason King ( 1971 - 1972 ) .
He returned to England for three years of full-time art study at the Royal Academy Schools from 1881 to 1884 .
Many of his most famous paintings come from this period .
He died in 1931 of cancer in Kallista near Melbourne .
In Australia , he built a house at Kallista , near Melbourne .
He spent World War I in England helping at a hospital .
He is buried near near Longford , Tasmania .
Thomas William `` Tom '' Roberts ( 9 March 1856 - 14 September 1931 ) was an Anglo-Australian artist .
He married 35 year old Elizabeth ( Lillie ) Williamson in 1896 .
Many examples of Roberts ' work can be seen at the National Gallery of Australia .
Elizabeth died in January 1928 .
His most famous works , in his time , were two large works , Shearing the Rams and The Big Picture .
This was a happy period in Roberts ' life .
Roberts had a theme of showing country people working .
Through the 1880s and 1890s he worked in Victoria .
He studied art at night under Louis Buvelot .
Laura Elizabeth Dern ( born February 10 , 1967 ) is an American actress .
She was born in Los Angeles , California and is the daughter of actors Bruce Dern ( born 1936 ) and Diane Ladd ( born 1935 ) .
The parts of the body affected by early symptoms of ALS depend on which muscles in the body are affected first .
Other limb onset patients first see the effects of the disease on a hand or arm as they have a difficult time with simple tasks requiring hand dexterity , or ability to move small things , such as buttoning a shirt , writing , or turning a key in a lock .
The earliest symptoms may include twitching , cramping , or stiffness of muscles ; muscle weakness affecting an arm or a leg ; slurred and strange-sounding nasal speech ; or having a difficult time chewing or swallowing .
The disorder causes muscle weakness and muscle shrinking ( atrophy ) throughout the body .
Unable to function , the muscles gradually weaken and waste away ( atrophy ) .
About 75 % of people have limb onset ALS .
These patients first have difficulty speaking clearly .
About 25 % of cases are bulbar onset ALS .
In some of these cases , symptoms first affect one of the legs , and patients have awkwardness when walking or running or they notice that they are tripping or stumbling more often .
From 1976 to 1979 , Bryson served as chairman of the California State Water Resources Control Board .
He is the former Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and President of Edison International , the parent company of Southern California Edison .
The Senate confirmed him by a 74-26 vote on October 20 , 2011 .
John E. Bryson ( born July 24 , 1943 ) is an American politician .
He is the 37th Secretary of Commerce .
After graduating from law school , Bryson helped start the Natural Resources Defense Council .
It is one of the most common bat species in the British Isles .
In 1999 the Common Pipistrelle was split into two species on the basis of different-frequency echolocation calls .
The frequencies used by this bat species for echolocation lie between 45-76 kHz , have most energy at 47 kHz and have an average duration of 5.6 ms.
It is common in woodland and farmland but is also found in towns , where it roosts in lofts and buildings .
The Common Pipistrelle uses a call of 45 kHz , while the Soprano Pipistrelle echo-locates at 55 kHz .
The Common Pipistrelle Pipistrellus pipistrellus is a small bat with a very large range across most of Europe , North Africa , southwestern Asia , and possibly into Korea .
Since then other differences , in appearance , habitat and food , have also been found .
The film won Nigar awards in the categories of best film , best director , best screenplay , best musician , best lyricist , best playback female singer , best editor , best art director and best comedian
The film was released during the hey days of Waheed Murad and became a milestone in the Waheed 's career .
Anjuman , a Pakistani Urdu color film , was released on 31 July , 1970 , starring Waheed Murad , Rani , Deeba , Santosh Kumar , Sabiha Khanam and Lehri .
The film was released at the worse political situations of the country .
Nevertheless , the film became a huge success , with famous tracks by Runa Laila .
The film was produced by Safdar Masood and directed by Hassan Tariq , a well-known Pakistani film director .
In the closing weeks of fighting in Europe the American forces had actually pushed beyond the previously agreed upon occupation zone boundaries , sometimes by as much as 200 miles .
After about two months of holding certain areas meant to be in the Soviet zone , the American forces withdrew in July 1945 .
It is one of the most popular submachine guns in the world .
At three years old , she began to learn the violin .
As a child , her parents took her to their rock concerts and exposed her to a variety of music .
She had to secretly listen to pop music because her parents were against it .
Eventually , her parents began to support her dream to become a singer .
She speaks both Mandarin and Korean , and has released music in both Korea and China .
The song was placed # 1 on Daum 's Music Video chart as well as hitting the highest search number on the famous Korean search engine Naver .
SM Entertainment also released a `` Timeless '' documentary version of her `` Y ( Why ... ) '' PV .
When she was twelve , she went to a middle school founded by the Sichuan Music College after scoring the highest with her violin-playing , but she chose to become a singer instead .
Li Yin liked classical , American and European music so much that she says she never sang children 's songs when she was a child .
As she grew older , Li Yin became more into pop music than rock music .
Before her official debut , it was already known that her song was a duet with popular TVXQ-member Xiah Junsu , which caused even more excitement and anticipation among the general public .
In early 2007 , Li Yin promoted the second track of her debut single called `` Y ( Why ... ) '' , which is a power ballad .
She sang BoA 's part in the song `` Try-Angle '' , previously performed by BoA , TVXQ and The TRAX .
She started training in 2003 at the age of 13 and for 3 years , she special singing and dance training under SM Entertainment .
Li Yin has been nicknamed the `` Chinese BoA '' .
Foot-and-mouth disease virus causes the disease which can infect domestic animals such as cattle , pigs , sheep , goats and deer .
While the disease is widespread around the world , North America , Central America , Australia , New Zealand , Japan , Chile , and many countries in Europe are considered free of FMD .
However , humans can spread FMD by carrying the virus on their clothes and body .
He also used the same technique on his 1965 song `` If I Needed Someone , '' which shares a similar melodic pattern .
The following day he taped his lead vocals , and he and McCartney recorded their backing vocals twice to give a fuller sound .
`` Here Comes the Sun '' was completed four days later with the addition of Harrison 's Moog synthesizer part .
John Lennon did not contribute to the song as he was recovering from a car crash .
Towards the end of the session , Harrison spent an hour re-recording his acoustic guitar part .
A harmonium and handclaps were added on July 16 .
`` Here Comes the Sun '' is a song by George Harrison from The Beatles ' 1969 album Abbey Road .
Harrison stated in The Beatles Anthology : Harrison , McCartney and Starr recorded the song in 13 takes on July 7 , 1969 .
Harrison capoed his guitar on the 7th fret , resulting the final key of A major .
Petrarch is often popularly called the `` father of humanism '' .
His sonnets were admired and imitated throughout Europe during the Renaissance and became a model for lyrical poetry .
Based on Petrarch 's works , and to a lesser extent those of Dante Alighieri and Giovanni Boccaccio , Pietro Bembo in the 16th century created the model for the modern Italian language .
Francesco Petrarca ( July 20 , 1304 - July 19 , 1374 ) , known in English as Petrarch , was an Italian scholar , poet , and one of the earliest Renaissance humanists .
e4 g6 2 .
Its National Olympic Committee was formed in 1933 during the British Mandate of Palestine .
As the team represented the Jewish community , it boycotted the 1936 Games in Germany in protest of the Nazi Party 's anti-Semitic policies .
In 1972 , 11 members of the Israeli delegation were murdered by Black September terrorists .
Israel has been at the Olympic Games as a nation since 1952 .
Israel has sent a team to each Summer Olympic Games since 1952 ( except the 1980 Summer Olympics ) and to each Winter Olympic Games since 1994 .
Virtual memory is the memory management technique which is a recent trend of technology used in computers .
In the 2000s , hip hop music and hip hop culture are very popular in the United States and Canada .
Hip hop music also uses musical styles from pop music such as disco and reggae .
Such contact can also lead to more mundane infections from common bacteria and viruses found in , around and secreted from the genital regions .
If the receiving partner has wounds on their genitals , or if the giving partner has wounds or open sores on or in their mouth , or bleeding gums , this poses an increased risk of STD transmission .
These wounds , even when they are microscopic , increase the chances of contracting STDs that can be transmitted orally under these conditions .
Diseases such as Chlamydia , human papillomavirus ( HPV ) , gonorrhea , herpes , hepatitis ( multiple strains ) , and other sexually transmitted diseases ( STDs ) , as well as viruses such as HIV , can be transmitted through oral sex .
Brushing the teeth , flossing , undergoing dental work , or eating crunchy foods such as potato crisps relatively soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission , because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth .
Because of this , some medical professionals advise the use of condoms when performing or receiving fellatio with a partner whose STD status is unknown .
Any kind of direct contact with body fluids of a person infected with HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , poses a risk of infection .
The risk from most of these types of infection , however , is generally considered far lower than that associated with vaginal or anal sex .
Human fertility depends on factors of nutrition , sexual behavior , culture , instinct , endocrinology , timing , economics , way of life , and emotions .
In postmenarchal girls , about 80 % of the cycles are anovulatory in the first year after menarche , 50 % in the third and 10 % in the sixth year .
As a measure , fertility rate is the number of children born per couple , person or population .
This is defined the potential for reproduction ( influenced by gamete production , fertilisation and carrying a pregnancy to term ) .
Sperm count is becoming smaller with age , with men aged 50-80 years producing 75 % of sperm compared with 20-50 years old males .
Fertility is the natural capability to give life .
According to Henri Leridon , PhD , an epidemiologist with the French Institute of Health and Medical Research , of women trying to get pregnant , without using fertility drugs or in vitro fertilization : The use of fertility drugs and\/or in vitro fertilization can increase the chances of becoming pregnant at a later age .
In the United States the average age of menarche ( first period ) is about 12.5 years. , However , in most girls , menarche does not signal that ovulation has occurred .
In 1965 , Hurricane Betsy made landfall just south of New Orleans , causing widespread flooding in the city .
At this point , Katrina was a Category 3 hurricane with 115 mph ( 185 km\/h ) winds and about 335 miles ( 540 km ) to the south-southeast of the Mississippi River 's mouth .
Three days before Katrina 's second and third landfalls , the National Hurricane Center began predicting that the storm would make landfall as a major hurricane .
The committee concluded that the forecasts given by the National Weather Service were timely , were not responsible for failures in other agencies , and were likely responsible for saving thousands of lives .
However , the protection given by this system was limited to hurricanes up to Category 3 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
As a result , the level of detail was highlighted as an `` innovative best practice '' in the NWS assessment , which recommended issuing warnings with similar levels of detail in the future .
Previous warnings , such as the one made by the Houston Chronicle in 2001 , told of a disaster that `` would strand 250,000 people or more , and probably kill one of 10 left behind as the city drowned under 20 feet of water '' following a severe hurricane making landfall on the city .
As New Orleans is located on the Mississippi River delta and much of the city is below sea level , a strong hurricane could have a devastating effect on the city .
At 11:00 p.m. EDT August 26 , approximately 56 hours before Katrina 's landfall near Buras , Louisiana , the National Hurricane Center had predicted that the New Orleans metropolitan area could face a direct hit by the storm .
The National Hurricane Center 's director , Max Mayfield , mentioned that the Mississippi\/Louisiana area has `` the greatest potential for nightmare scenarios , '' and that this has been known for at least the three decades he has worked at the NHC .
As a result , a system of levees was authorized by Congress to handle future storm events .
The National Weather Service bulletin for the New Orleans region of 10:11 a.m. , August 28 , 2005 was a vividly worded release issued by the local Weather Forecast Office in Slidell , Louisiana warning of the devastation that the Gulf Coast of the United States could experience as a result of Hurricane Katrina .
By the next morning , on August 27 , the NHC gave out a hurricane watch that included the New Orleans metro area , which was upgraded to a hurricane warning by 10:00 p.m. CDT that same evening .
Partly due to this bulletin , people in southeastern Louisiana and southern Mississippi , those most affected by the storm 's impact , followed evacuation orders more closely , resulting in a reduced fatality number .
The report called the bulletin `` a significant moment for the NWS during Katrina , '' as its detailed and specific language did not have any previous precedent ( though the message was based on a template designed by the Tampa Weather Office in 1990 ) .
See also : Meteorological history of Hurricane Katrina On the evening of August 25 , 2005 , Hurricane Katrina made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane near the Miami-Dade - Broward county line in southern Florida and weakened into a tropical storm as a result .
During an internal assessment by the National Weather Service , the 10:11 bulletin and its impact were examined .
Other publications , such as Popular Mechanics , , Scientific American , and The Times-Picayune predicted doomsday situations in which a sinking city would drown and its residents would be left homeless .
At that time , the Weather Forecasting Office in Slidell , Louisiana issued an `` urgent weather message '' describing the destruction Katrina would likely cause in the region : At 10:11 a.m. CDT ( 1511 UTC ) , Robert Ricks , a meteorologist with the New Orleans\/Baton Rouge NWS office , issued the following statement : An equally-explicit bulletin was repeated at 4:13 p.m. CDT .
The next morning , after passing over the state , Tropical Storm Katrina moved into the Gulf of Mexico , strengthened back to hurricane strength , and from the influence of the warm waters from the Loop Current , began undergoing rapid deepening .
That night , the storm underwent another period of rapid strengthening , strengthening to a Category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph ( 280 km\/h ) by 10:00 am CDT on August 28 .
In the following months after the storm , Congress appointed a two-party system committee to look into the response to Hurricane Katrina and the preparations before to its landfall .
The strongly-worded statement persuaded people to evacuate , and was highlighted by national news media .
The Rainbow flag has been the symbol of the LGBT ( lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ) community since its creation in 1978 .
Two other Vezina winning goaltenders have also won the Hart Memorial Trophy : Roy Worters and Al Rollins .
Three finalists are named and the trophy is awarded at the NHL Awards ceremony after the playoffs .
The voting is conducted at the end of the regular season by the 30 general managers of the teams in the National Hockey League , and each individual voter ranks their top three candidates on a 5-3-1 points system .
Players for the Montreal Canadiens have won the Vezina 28 times .
Chuck Rayner was the only goaltender to win the Hart Memorial Trophy , but never the Vezina .
Billy Smith of the New York Islanders was the first winner of the Vezina under the current system .
Jacques Plante holds the record for winning the most Vezinas with seven , trailed by Bill Durnan and Dominik Hasek both of who have won six .
The NHL adopted the current criteria for the Vezina Trophy beginning in 1982 .
The William M. Jennings Trophy was created as a new award for the goaltender ( s ) of the team that surrenders the fewest goals in regular season play .
Before 1981 , it was awarded to the goaltender ( s ) of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season ; now , the William M. Jennings Trophy is awarded under this previous definition .
There are only three players that have won both the Vezina and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season : Jacques Plante , who won both trophies for the 1961-62 season ; Dominik Hasek who won both for the 1996-97 and 1997-98 seasons ; and Jose Theodore , who won the Vezina and Hart for the 2001-02 NHL season .
In the 1973-74 NHL season , Tony Esposito of the Chicago Black Hawks and Bernie Parent of the Philadelphia Flyers finished tied for the fewest goals against , the only time that there would be a tie between two players from different teams .
Hasek has won the most under the current system of honoring the best individual goalie .
When introduced , the Vezina Trophy was awarded to the goaltender , or goaltenders , of the team that gave up the fewest goals in regular season play .
The Vezina Trophy is awarded every year to the National Hockey League 's goaltender who is chosen as the best goaltender .
Since 1981 , the Vezina Trophy has been awarded by the NHL General Managers to the most outstanding goaltender .
It was first awarded at the end of the 1926-27 NHL season .
However , it was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual and hence the change was made to offer the William M. Jennings Trophy to the goaltender ( s ) playing for the team with the fewest goals against .
When Vezina died , the trophy was given to the League by the former owners of the Montreal Canadiens , Leo Dandurand , Louis Letourneau and Joe Cattarinich .
All Caliphs of Córdoba were members of the Umayyad dynasty ; the same dynasty had held the title Emir of Córdoba and ruled over roughly the same territory since 756 .
This made it one of the largest unitary states in history and one of the few states to ever extend direct rule over three continents ( Africa , Europe , and Asia ) .
Some supported prominent early Muslims like Al-Zubayr ; others felt that only members of Muhammad 's clan , the Banu Hashim , or his own lineage , the descendants of Ali , should rule .
There were numerous rebellions against the Umayyads , as well as splits within the Umayyad ranks ( notably , the rivalry between Yaman and Qays ) .
This period is known as the Fitna , or the first Islamic civil war .
His successor , Uthman Ibn Affan , was elected by a council of electors ( Majlis ) .
The title Caliph ( خليفة ) was claimed by Abd-ar-Rahman III on January 16 , 929 ; he was previously known as the Emir of Córdoba ( أمير قرطبة ) .
The Caliphate of Córdoba ( خليفة قرطبة ) ruled the Iberian Peninsula from the city of Córdoba , from 929 to 1031 .
Although not ruling all of the Sahara , homage was paid to the Caliph by Saharan Africa usually via various nomad Berber tribes .
In areas which were previously under Persian or Byzantine rule , the Caliphs lowered taxes , provided greater local autonomy , greater religious freedom for Jews , indigenous Christians , and brought peace to peoples that were demoralized and disaffected by the casualties and heavy taxation that resulted from the years of Byzantine-Persian warfare .
Islamic rule expanded westward across North Africa and into Hispania and eastward through Persia and ultimately to Sindh and Punjab in modern day Pakistan .
This period was characterized by remarkable success in technology , trade and culture ; many of the masterpieces of Spain were constructed in this period , including the famous Great Mosque of Córdoba .
Eventually , supporters of the Banu Hisham and the supporters of the lineage of Ali united to bring down the Umayyads in 750 .
Muawiyah , a relative of Uthman , and governor ( Wali ) of Syria became one of Ali 's challengers .
Under the Umayyads the Caliphate grew rapidly geographically .
The caliphate is the only form of governance that has full approval in traditional Islamic theology , and `` is the core political concept of Sunni Islam , by the consensus of the Muslim majority in the early centuries . ''
However , the Shiˤat ˤAlī , `` the Party of Ali '' , were again disappointed when the Abbasid dynasty took power , as the Abbasids were descended from Muhammad 's uncle , ` Abbas ibn ` Abd al-Muttalib and not from Ali .
Uthman was killed by members of an opposition group .
Later the caliphate was won by the Abbasids and Al-Andalus ( or Hispania ) split from the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad to form their own caliphate .
The rule of the Caliphate is known as the heyday of Muslim presence in the Iberian peninsula , before it split into taifas .
Abu Bakr , the first successor of Muhammad , nominated Umar as his successor on his deathbed , and there was consensus in the Muslim community to his choice .
Largely due to the fact that they were not elected via Shura , the Umayyad dynasty was not universally supported within the Muslim community .
Then Ali took control .
During the Ummayad period Hispania was an integral province of the Ummayad Caliphate ruled from Damascus , Syria .
The way Deinotherium used its curious tusks has been much debated .
It may have rooted in soil for underground plant parts like roots and tubers , pulled down branches to snap them and reach leaves , or stripped soft bark from tree trunks .
Deinotherium fossils have been uncovered at several of the African sites where remains of prehistoric hominid relatives of modern humans have also been found .
Coconut water is the liquid inside young coconuts .
Coconut water is often marketed as a sports drink because of its high potassium and minerals which helps the body recover from exercise .
Coconut water has long been a popular drink in tropical islands especially in tropical Asia , Pacific Islands , and the Caribbean .
It was directed by Ethan Spaulding , Giancarlo Volpe , and Joaquim Dos Santos , and written by Michael Dante DiMartino , Bryan Konietzko , and Aaron Ehasz .
The Saturday airing of Sozin 's Comet acted as a climax to a week of ten new episodes that concluded Avatar 's third season .
The finale focuses on series protagonist Aang 's non-violent personality and his reluctance to kill Fire Lord Ozai .
Sozin 's Comet received positive reception from critics and fans alike .
The finale also follows the exploits of many of Aang 's friends and allies , including Sokka , Toph and Suki 's struggle to destroy a Fire Nation airship armada , Zuko and Katara 's battle against Zuko 's sister Azula , and Iroh , King Bumi , and the Order of the White Lotus ' attempt to reconquer Ba Sing Se .
The initial showing averaged 5.6 million viewers , a 195 % increase in ratings compared with ratings from mid-July 2007 .
During his coronation , Zuko promises to aid the world in the postwar reconstruction .
Aang explains he plans to challenge Fire Lord Ozai only after Sozin 's Comet and its enhancement of Firebending have come and gone , due to his own self-perceived lack of Firebending skills at the moment .
The premiere of episodes 52-61 ( episodes 12-21 of Book 3 : Fire throughout the week of Sozin 's Comet 's release received over 19 million views , of which 5.6 million were from the premiere of Sozin 's Comet .
The Order of the White Lotus liberates Ba Sing Se in the name of the Earth King .
At the 2008 Annie Awards , the director of the third part of Sozin 's Comet ( Episode 20 - Sozin 's Comet , Part 3 : `` Into the Inferno '' ) won an award for `` Best Directing in an Animated Television Production '' .
Though intended to be split into three parts , the finale aired as a two-hour four-part movie on 19 July 2008 .
With the power of his past lives , Aang overwhelms Ozai .
Aang suddenly abandons his Firebending lesson with Zuko to have a beach party with his friends , causing Zuko to attack him in his frustration .
Before she is crowned , Zuko and Katara arrive .
Meanwhile , Aang awakens on a floating island .
When Zuko tells the group Ozai plans to use the comet 's power to burn down the Earth Kingdom , Aang resolves to face him before the comet arrives .
Sometime after the ceremony , Zuko visits Ozai 's prison and demands he tell him the location of the banished Ursa , Zuko 's mother .
In Ba Sing Se , the Order of the White Lotus , led by Iroh , lay siege to the Fire Nation forces within the city , with the sole intention of re-conquering it in the name of the Earth Kingdom .
Meanwhile , Fire Lord Ozai proclaims himself to be ruler of the world , under the title `` Phoenix King '' , and declares Azula to be the new Fire Lord , setting off to burn the world and rebuild it under his New Order .
Prior to the week of 14-19 July , no episodes had been shown since 30 November 2007 .
Meanwhile , Sokka , Toph , and Suki hijack a Fire Nation airship , and use it to destroy many others , effectively stopping Ozai 's plan of incinerating the Earth Kingdom .
Although Ozai is subdued , Aang refuses to kill him ; instead , he locks Ozai down with earth .
A final scene depicts the main cast gathered in Iroh 's new tea shop , the Jasmine Dragon .
Zuko and Katara decide to fight Azula in the Fire Nation capital while Sokka , Toph , and Suki attempt to destroy the airship fleet of Ozai .
Just as Zuko is on the verge of defeating Azula , she shoots a bolt of lightning at Katara instead of Zuko .
The Comet appears in the sky , and Azula 's coronation takes place .
Frustrated with his inability to find a way to defeat Ozai without killing him , he asks four of his past lives for advice .
Sozin 's Comet : The Final Battle is the series finale for the Nickelodeon 's television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
Zuko accepts Azula 's challenge of an Agni Kai , because he feels that something is wrong with Azula and he does not want Katara injured .
The entire group advises Aang to kill Ozai , but Aang refuses to kill him due to his pacifistic nature and non-violent upbringing .
Zuko intercepts the lightning , preventing Katara from getting hurt , but injures himself after he fails to correctly redirect the lightning .
That night , Aang sleepwalks to a forest not to be found in the morning .
However , when Aang successfully redirects lightning he purposely misses Ozai to avoid killing him .
The lack of a widespread use of the 717 name left it available to rebrand the MD-95 .
Qantas bought more 717s , as well as Hawaiian Airlines and Midwest Airlines .
The ValuJet order was the only order for the MD-95 for two years .
The McDonnell Douglas MD-80 series was finished in 1980 .
The 717 has two Rolls-Royce BR715 turbofan engines .
The last two Boeing 717s were for AirTran and Midwest Airlines .
Nearly 1,200 MD-80s were made from 1980 to 1999 .
This version is made with the BBJ family .
McDonnell Douglas thought that the BMW Rolls-Royce BR700 engine was better than the others , so on February 23 , 1994 , it was chosen to be the plane 's engine .
The 717 was the last airliner made at Boeing 's Long Beach factory in California .
Scandinavian Airlines System ( SAS ) decided to use the Boeing 737-600 instead of the MD-95 in March 1995 .
The Boeing 717 is a jet airliner .
The DC-9 first flew in 1965 .
Halla Group in South Korea was made the wings of the plane , Alenia of Italy made the fuselage , Aerospace Industrial Development Corp. of Taiwan make the tail ; and a part of Korea Air Lines made the nose and cockpit .
The plane was 119 ft 4 in ( 36.37 m ) long and it had a wingspan of 93 ft 5 in ( 28.47 m ) span .
The MD-90 was designed from the MD-80 series .
It can fly for 2,060 nautical miles ( 3,820 kilometres ) .
After Boeing bought McDonnell Douglas in August 1997 , many people thought that Boeing would cancel the MD-95 .
McDonnell Douglas was going to made all MD-95s in China .
Air Canada bought the Embraer E-Jets and Bombardier CRJ instead of the 717 .
McDonnell Douglas said that the MD-95 would not cost much to make , because it was so similar to the MD-90 .
Douglas Aircraft made their DC-9 to fly with the DC-8 in the early 1960s .
However , Boeing decided to keep making it , but call it something else : the Boeing 717 .
The Boeing 717 was designed and sold by McDonnell Douglas .
It also had new IAE V2525-D5 engines .
It first flew in 1993 .
976 DC-9s were made .
Only 117 MD-90s were made .
In early 1994 , the MD-95 was designed by McDonnell Douglas .
McDonnell Douglas said that it thought the MD-95 would become a family of aircraft .
It had two Pratt & Whitney JT8D turbofan engines at the back of the plane and a small wing .
However , in 1994 , McDonnell Douglas began to look for a cheap place to make the planes .
The last 717 was finished in April 2006 for AirTran Airways .
The collection has 44,000 Greek , Roman , and Etruscan antiquities dating from 6,500 BC to 400 AD .
This is available both at the Museum , at various points known as `` GettyGuide stations '' , and externally on its website .
If genuine , the Getty kouros is one of only twelve remaining intact kouroi .
Among the outstanding items is Victorious Youth , one of few life-size Greek bronze statues to have survived to modern times .
The Marbury Hall Zeus is a 81 in ( 2.1 m ) tall marble statue that was recovered from the ruins at Tivoli near Rome .
The Getty Villa is an educational center and museum that covers the arts and cultures of Ancient Greece , Rome , and Etruria .
The Villa also displays the ` Getty kouros ' , which the museum lists as `` Greek , about 530 B.C. , or modern forgery '' because scientific analysis is inconclusive as to whether the marble statue can be dated back to Greek times .
The UCLA\/Getty Master 's Program in Archaeological and Ethnographic Conservation is here .
The collection has 44,000 Greek , Roman , and Etruscan antiquities dating from 6,500 BC to 400 AD .
The Villa also has jewelry and coin collections .
The online GettyGuide as well as through audio tours tell about the items owned by the museum .
The Lansdowne Heracles is a Roman sculpture that was probably copied from an older Greek statue .
Blest Pair of Sirens is a short work for choir and orchestra by Hubert Parry .
At first Stanford wanted to perform another work by Parry : The Glories of Our Blood and State .
Blest Pair of Sirens was first performed by the Bach Choir conducted by Charles Villiers Stanford .
City statuses were later changed based on the results of the 2001 Census of India .
It is divided into categories A-1 , A , B-1 , B-2 and C. This plan was first based on the recommendations of the Fifth Pay Commission of India ( 1997 ) .
His career in Formula One spanned 15 seasons , with his final two full seasons of top-level racing being spent in the CART series .
Mansell remains the most successful British Formula One driver of all-time in terms of race wins with 31 victories , and is fourth overall on the Formula One race winners list behind Michael Schumacher , Alain Prost , and Ayrton Senna .
Mansell raced in the GP Masters series and signed a one-off race deal for the Scuderia Ecosse GT race team to drive their number 63 Ferrari430 GT2 car at Silverstone on 6 May 2007 .
He was rated in the top 10 Formula One drivers of all time by Murray Walker , who was a Formula One commentator for 50 years .
He is the only person in history to hold both titles simultaneously , and was the first person to win the CART title in his debut season .
Nigel Ernest James Mansell OBE ( born August 8 , 1953 in Upton-upon-Severn , Worcestershire ) is a British racing driver from England who won both the Formula One World Championship ( 1992 ) and CART World Series ( 1993 ) .
In 2008 , American sports television network ESPN ranked him 24th on their top drivers of all-time .
Maxwell 's equations describe how electric charges and electric currents create electric and magnetic fields .
Magnetic fields ` circulate ' around electric currents and time varying electric fields , Ampère 's law with Maxwell 's correction , while electric fields ` circulate ' around time varying magnetic fields , Faraday 's law .
Maxwell 's equations are used in a right-handed coordinate system .
This means that the magnetic field lines must be closed loops .
In a motor or generator , the field circuit has a fixed electric field that causes a magnetic field .
Ngata totaled 107 tackles , 17.5 tackles for a loss , and 6.5 sacks total in the 2004 and 2005 seasons after tearing his ACL in 2003 .
In 2006 , Ngata had one interception and a 60 yard return , and had two picks for eight yards in 2008 .
Ngata was drafted out of the University of Oregon by the Baltimore Ravens with the 12th pick in the first round of the 2006 NFL Draft .
He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31 .
Basaltic lavas are unusual for Plinian eruptions ; the most recent example is the 1886 eruption of Mount Tarawera .
Fine ash can deposit over large areas .
Pliny the Younger wrote an account of his death , and suggested that he collapsed and died through inhaling poisonous gases emitted by the volcano .
Short eruptions can end in less than a day .
Sometimes the amount of magma erupted is so large that the top of the volcano collapses .
Plinian eruptions have columns of gas and volcanic ash high into the stratosphere .
A Plinian eruption is a kind of volcanic eruption which is similar to that of Mount Vesuvius in the year 79 AD .
These eruptions begin with clouds of volcanic ash and occasionally pyroclastic flows .
His body was found buried under the ashes of the Vesuvius with no apparent injuries on 26 August , after the plume had dispersed .
Plinian eruptions often happen with loud noises , such as those created by Krakatoa .
There is a large amount of pumice ejected into the atmosphere and very powerful gas blast eruptions .
He sailed across the Bay of Naples to Stabiae ( near the modern town of Castellammare di Stabia ) .
That eruption of Vesuvius killed Pliny the Elder , the uncle of Pliny the Younger .
Hyssop is used as an ingredient in eau de Cologne and the liqueur Chartreuse .
Hyssop is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Cabbage Moth .
Hyssop is also used , usually in combination with other herbs such as liquorice , in herbal remedies , especially for lung conditions .
Good air circulation is required , such as an airing cupboard with the door left open , or a sunny room , aiming for a temperature of 20-32 ° C. Hyssop leaves should dry out in about six days , any longer and they will begin to discolor and lose their flavor .
Hyssop is also often used to fill the Catholic ceremonial Aspergillum , which the priest dips into a bowl of holy water , and sprinkles onto the congregation to bless them .
Hyssop should be grown in full sun on well-drained soil , and will benefit from occasional clipping .
The dried leaves are stored in clean , dry , airtight containers , and will keep for 12-18 months .
Anise hyssop is native to much of north-central and northern North America .
Hyssop leaves have a slightly bitter minty flavor and can be added to soups , salads or meats , but it should be used sparingly as the flavor is very strong .
They are aromatic , with upright branched stems up to 60 cm long covered with fine hairs at the tips .
Hyssop leaves can be preserved by drying .
Hyssop can also be propagated from cuttings or root division in spring or autumn .
The name ` hyssop ' can be traced back almost unchanged through the Greek word ύσσωπος ( hyssopos ) and Hebrew word אזוב ( ezov ) .
The seeds are planted in spring and the seedlings planted out 40-50 cm apart .
It has also `` been found to improve the yield from grapevines if planted along the rows , particularly if the terrain is rocky or sandy , and the soil is not as easy to work as it might be . ''
It is said to be a good companion plant to cabbage because it will deter the Cabbage White butterfly .
Note that anise hyssop , Agastache foeniculum ( also called blue giant hyssop ) is a very different plant and not a close relation although both are in the mint family .
They should be dried quickly , away from bright sunlight in order to keep their aromatic ingredients and prevent oxidation of other chemicals .
Hyssop ( Hyssopus ) is a genus of about 10-12 species of herbaceous or semi-woody plants in the family Lamiaceae , native from the east Mediterranean to central Asia .
The small blue flowers are on the upper part of the branches during summer .
Hyssop also attracts bees , hoverflies and butterflies , and so has a place in the wild garden as well as being useful in controlling pests and encouraging pollination without the use of unnatural methods .
By far the best-known species is the Herb Hyssop ( H. officinalis ) , widely grown outside its native area in the Mediterranean .
It is good for use as a low hedge or border within an herb garden .
The leaves are narrow ovals , 2-5 cm long .
However , researchers say that the Biblical accounts refer not to the plant currently known as hyssop .
Hyssop is said to be bad for radishes , and they should not be grown nearby .
They should be picked on a dry day at the peak of their maturity and the amount of active ingredients is highest .
It does not live long , and the plants need to be replaced every few years .
It is also used to color the alcohol Absinthe , along with the Melissa plant and Roman wormwood .
Supported and partly paid by the Austrian government and the city administration of Vienna , the prize is organized by the publishing house FZA .
The international Wiener Werkstattpreis is a literary prize in Austria and has been founded in 1992 .
In 2007 , the authors could send in their texts in three categories : short story , poetry and essay .
The organizers want to promote writers who are not well-known yet .
Designated Uranus XXIV it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
Confirming observations were made by Holman on September 30 .
It was found by Matthew J. Holman , John J. Kavelaars , Dan Milisavljevic , and Brett J. Gladman on August 13 , 2001 and given the designation S\/2001 U 2 .
Despite being seen again on September 21 and November 15 and even a year later on August 13 and September 5 , 2002 , it was eventually lost .
The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus ( in polar co-ordinates ) with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre .
It follows a retrograde , fairly inclined but very eccentric orbit .
It was finally refound on September 24 , 2003 by Scott S. Sheppard on images taken by David C. Jewitt and himself on August 29-30 and September 20 of that year .
Hooker visited Morocco from April to June 1871 , in the company of John Ball , George Maw and a young gardener from Kew , called Crump .
Hooker recognized three phytogeograpical divisions : Western Syria and Palestine ; Eastern Syria and Palestine ; Middle and Upper mountain regions of Syria .
This trip was taken in the autumn of 1860 , with Daniel Hanbury .
On 11 November 1847 Hooker left England for his three year long Himalayan expedition ; he would be the first European to collect plants in the Himalayas .
He was Director of the Royal Botanical Gardens , Kew , for twenty years , in succession to his father , William Jackson Hooker , and was awarded the highest honors of British science .
an alpine flora , the two latter of widely different origin , and in one sense proper to the Rocky Mountain ranges .
The ships arrived back in England on 4 September 1843 ; the voyage had been a success for Ross as it was the first to confirm the existence of the southern continent and chart much of its coastline .
The expedition consisted of two ships , HMS Erebus and HMS Terror ; it was the last major voyage of exploration made entirely under sail .
a so-called desert and saline flora derived from the west ; 3 .
a prairie flora derived from the eastward ; 2 .
After spending 138 days at sea , and a collision between the Erebus and Terror , they sailed to the Falkland Islands , to Tierra del Fuego , back to the Falklands and onward to their third sortie into the Antarctic .
They visited and collected in Syria and Palestine ; no full-length report was published , but a number of papers were written .
Hooker made plant collections at each location and while traveling drew these and specimens of algae and sea life pulled aboard using tow nets .
Hooker wrote to Darwin relaying to him the habits of animals in India , and collected plants in Bengal .
They left New Zealand to return to Antarctica .
Hooker and a sizable party of local assistants departed for eastern Nepal on 27 October 1848 .
Hooker was back in Kew with 1,000 dried specimens by October .
This was undertaken with his friend Asa Gray , the leading American botanist of the day .
Hooker was the youngest of the 128 man crew .
Hooker returned to Darjeeling where he spent January and February 1850 writing his journals , replacing specimens lost during his detention and planning a journey for his last year in India .
After spending 5 months in the Antarctic they returned to resupply in Hobart , then went on to Sydney , and New Zealand .
Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker OM GCSI CB MD FRS ( 30 June 1817 - 10 December 1911 ) was a British botanist and explorer of the 19th century .
Hooker was one of the founders of geographical botany , and Charles Darwin 's closest friend .
He sailed on the Erebus and was assistant to the ship 's surgeon , who was instructed to collect zoological and geological specimens .
`` A difficult question was why in the great mountain chains of the Western United States there appeared to be only a few botanical enclaves of plants of eastern-Asiatic affinities among plants of Mexican and more southern types . ''
Hooker 's expedition was based in Darjeeling .
Hooker 's survey of hitherto unexplored regions , the Himalayan Journals was published in 1854 .
Some idea of the delights he encountered ( trivia from his journal & letters ) : His views on the flora of Colorado and Utah : There are two temperate , and two cold or mountain floras , viz : 1 .
In April 1849 he started on a longer expedition into Sikkim , but he was imprisoned by the Dewan of Sikkim when they were traveling towards Tibet .
They traveled north west along Nepal 's passes into Tibet .
In 1818 , the municipality of Bredevoort was dissolved to become part of the city Bredevoort under the newly formed municipality Aalten .
Only one son , Anthonie , who was not home that day , survived .
The former municipality of Bredevoort was comprised of the city , the castle Bredevoort , and the villages Aalten , Dinxperlo and Winterswijk .
In 1646 , lightning hit the gunpowder tower of the castle of Bredevoort , causing an explosion that destroyed the castle and the town , killing Lord Haersolte of Bredevoort and his family , as well as others .
The fight lasted for almost two centuries .
It is between the towns of Aalten and Winterswijk .
After centuries of war , its fortifications were demolished by its residents .
Between 1326 and 1696 the municipality of Bredevoort repeatedly changed ownership during the eighties years of war .
Today they name Bredevoort also Bredevoort boekenstad ( Bredevoort book town ) , there are now more than twenty second-hand book shops in the town .
She spent nearly a decade as an independent artist in the Toronto music scene , self-releasing two albums and an EP in that time .
In September 2009 Lindi performed on a cross-Canada tour as opening act for Keane 's North American tour .
Lindi Ortega is a Canadian singer-songwriter and musician , known for her voice that has been described as a blend of Dolly Parton , Johnny Cash and Emmylou Harris .
In 2008 she was signed to Cherrytree Records \/ Interscope Records and released a second EP .
It was first broadcast on BBC One between January 2006 and April 2007 .
The program tells the story of DCI Sam Tyler of the Manchester Police ( played by John Simm ) , after being hit by a car in 2006 , he is in the year 1973 .
It has blue feet and red feathers at the tip of its tail .
The Keel-billed Toucan ( Ramphastos sulfuratus ) , also known as Sulfur-breasted Toucan or Rainbow-billed Toucan , is a colorful Latin American member of the toucan family .
The male and female share in the caring of the eggs , both taking turns incubating .
The Keel-billed Toucan can be found from Southern Mexico to Venezuela and Colombia .
The female Keel-billed Toucan will lay 1-4 white eggs in a natural or already-made tree cavity .
Because toucans spend a large part of time in the trees , this helps the birds to stay on the branches of the trees and hop from one branch to another .
Like many toucans , Keel-billed is a very social bird , rarely seen alone .
When the chicks hatch , they have no feathers , and have their eyes closed for about 3 weeks .
When eating fruit , it uses its bill to take apart the fruit , and then tosses its head back to swallow the fruit whole .
It is the national bird of Belize .
The feathers of the Keel-billed Toucan are mostly black with a yellow neck and chest .
Including its bill , the Keel-billed Toucans ranges in length from around 17 to 22 inches ( 42-55 cm ) .
While the bill seems large and weighty , it is in fact a spongy , hollow bone covered in keratin , a very light and hard protein .
The bill is mostly green with a red tip and orange sides .
The chicks stay in their nest for eight to nine weeks while their bills develop fully .
It travels in small flocks of about six to twelve individuals through lowland rainforests .
The eggs hatch about 15-20 days after being laid .
Keel-billed toucans have two toes that face forward and two that face back .
After hatching , the male and female take turns feeding the chicks .
Keel-billed Toucans eat mostly a wide range of fruit , but may also eat insects , eggs , and reptiles .
Molting happens once per year .
Sexual reassignment surgery ( SRS ) is also called gender reassignment surgery , sex reassignment surgery or a sex change .
It contains two prominent super star clusters with different histories .
It has formed stars at a rate 100 times greater than that of our galaxy during the last 100 million years .
NGC 1569 is a dwarf irregular galaxy in Camelopardalis .
This shows , with the results from other dwarf galaxies such as the Large Magellanic Cloud and NGC 1705 , that star formation in dwarf galaxies does not occur continuously but instead occurs in a series of short bursts .
It contains young stars ( including Wolf-Rayet stars ) which formed less than 5 million years ago ( in NGC 1569 A1 ) as well as older red stars ( in NGC 1569 A2 ) .
In 2008 scientists studying images from Hubble calculated the galaxy 's distance at nearly 11 million light-years away , making it a member of the IC 342 group of galaxies .
The many supernovae produced in the galaxy as well as the strong stellar winds of its stars have produced filaments and bubbles of ionized hydrogen with respective sizes of up to 3,700 and 380 light years .
NGC 1569 's starburst may have been triggered by interactions with other galaxies of the IC 342 group , probably a nearby cloud of hydrogen .
Super star cluster B , near the center of the galaxy , has older red giants and red supergiants .
This faint galaxy is well studied by professional astronomers , who are interested in the history of star formation in the galaxy .
Both of these star clusters have masses similar to the globular clusters in the Milky Way .
They are similar to small globular clusters or R136 in the Large Magellanic Cloud .
The most notable feature of NGC 1569 is its powerful starburst .
The galaxy is relatively nearby , so the Hubble Space Telescope can easily pick out its stars .
There are different types of swimming pools .
A swimming pool is a tank or large basin that is filled with water and intended for recreational or competitive swimming or diving .
This source includes writings of all sorts from `` literary novels and specialist journals to everyday newspapers and magazines and from Hansard to the language of chatrooms , emails , and weblogs '' , unlike some sources which use texts from only specific sources .
The Reading Teachers Book of Lists claims that the first 25 words make up about one-third of all printed material in English , and that the first 100 make up about one-half of all written material .
Note also that these top 100 lemmas listed below account for 50 % of all the words in the Oxford English Corpus .
It represents a study done by Oxford Online , associated with the Oxford English Dictionary .
In 2012 , WWE announced that Hell in a Cell would move to late October , leaving only one pay-per-view in October .
The only way to win is by pinfall or submission inside the ring .
WWE Hell in a Cell is a professional wrestling event produced every year by WWE , a Connecticut-based professional wrestling promotion , and broadcast live only on pay-per-view ( PPV ) .
Under the former Brand Extension , WWE assigned its performers to either Raw or SmackDown , which in the 2009 and 2010 events caused matches to be set up between wrestlers on the same show .
Since it began , the event has been held only in indoor arenas in the United States .
`` Hell in a Cell '' was chosen over `` No Escape '' , `` Locked Up '' and `` Rage in a Cage '' .
The show 's concept is based on WWE 's well-known Hell in a Cell match , in which wrestlers fight inside a 20-foot ( 6-metre ) high roofed cell structure surrounding the ring and ringside area .
The event began in 2009 , replacing No Mercy in the early October slot of WWE 's PPV calendar .
Championship bouts are scheduled on every card .
In this PPV , all main events are fought as Hell in a Cell matches , in which the ring and ringside area are surrounded by a 20-foot high roofed cell structure .
Each main event match of the card is contested as a Hell in a Cell match .
Little of this wall remains .
The most famous wall was built between 220-200 BC by the first Emperor of Imperial China , Qin Shi Huang .
The Han , Sui , Northern and Jin Dynasties all repaired , rebuilt or expanded the Great Wall .
Several walls , referred to as the Great Wall of China , have been built .
On some fossil remains of Man p119-159 .
On the relations of Man to the lower animals p57-112 .
Robert Chambers in his anonymous Vestiges also clearly made the point .
A neanderthal skull-cap and other bones had been found , and various remains of early Homo sapiens .
Darwin 's sequel came eight years later , with The Descent of Man , and Selection in relation to Sex ( 1871 ) .
Evidence as to Man 's Place in Nature is an 1863 book by Thomas Henry Huxley , in which he gives evidence for the evolution of man and apes from a common ancestor .
In the 18th century Linnaeus and others had classified man as a primate , but without drawing evolutionary conclusions .
It was the first book devoted to the topic of human evolution , and discussed much of the anatomical and other evidence .
This chapter and its addendum contained most of the controversial material , and is still important today .
I. On the natural history of the man-like Apes p1-56 .
The book came five years after Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace announced their theory of evolution by means of natural selection , and four years after the publication of Darwin 's Origin of Species .
This contains a summary of what was known of the great apes at that time .
Huxley compares these remains with existing human races .
It was Lamarck , the first to develop a coherent theory of evolution , who discussed human evolution in this context .
In the Origin Darwin had deliberately avoided tackling human evolution , except for a sentence : `` Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history '' .
Backed by this evidence , the book said that evolution applied as fully to man as to all other life .
Addendum : A succinct history of the controversy respecting the cerebral structure of Man and the apes p113-118 .
The Importance of being Earnest , A Trivial Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde .
The successful opening night marked the climax of Wilde 's career but also heralded his downfall .
Wilde was tipped off , and Queensberry was refused admission .
Soon afterwards the feud came to a climax in court , and Wilde 's new notoriety caused the play , despite its success , to be closed after just 86 performances .
After imprisonment , he wrote no further comic or dramatic work .
The production was released on audio cassette by the BBC Radio Collection ( ISBN 0-563-47803-9 ) .
The Marquess of Queensberry , father of Lord Alfred Douglas , Wilde 's lover , planned to present Wilde a bouquet of spoiling vegetables and disrupt the show .
In 1963 , Erik Chisholm made an opera from the play .
Later in a letter he said that the play was `` extremely funny '' but `` really heartless '' .
The Importance of Being Earnest has been revived many times since its premiere and adapted for the cinema on three occasions , in 1952 , 1992 and 2002 .
George Bernard Shaw , for example , reviewed the play in the Saturday Review .
In this radio adaption , Geraldine McEwan was `` Lady Bracknell '' , Simon Russell Beale was `` Jack Worthing '' , Julian Wadham was `` Algernon Moncrieff '' , Geoffrey Palmer was `` Rev. Canon Chasuble '' , Celia Imrie was `` Miss Prism '' , Victoria Hamilton was `` Gwendolen '' and Emma Fielding was `` Cecily '' .
Dame Judi Dench was `` Lady Bracknell '' , Sir Michael Hordern was `` Lane '' , Michael Sheen was `` Jack Worthing '' , Martin Clunes was `` Algernon Moncrieff '' , John Moffatt was `` Rev. Canon Chasuble '' , Miriam Margolyes was `` Miss Prism '' , Samantha Bond was `` Gwendolen '' and Amanda Root was `` Cecily '' .
It is Wilde 's most popular play .
Happy Feet was dedicated to the following people : Nick Enright , Michael Jonson , Robby McNeilly Green , and Steve Irwin .
Happy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but did not win the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature .
Happy Feet is a 2006 American-Australian computer-animated musical movie .
Happy Feet is set in an Emperor Penguin colony , where each penguin must sing a song called the `` Heartsong '' to find a mate .
After a large crowd gathers to watch him , he is released back to the wild with a tracking device and leads the humans back to his colony .
The frottola ( plural : frottole ) was the most popular kind of secular ( non-religious ) song in Italy during the late 15th and early 16th centuries .
Winfrey is best known for her multi-award-winning talk show , The Oprah Winfrey Show which was the highest-rated program of its kind in history and was nationally syndicated from 1986 to 2011 .
On January 15 , 2008 , Winfrey and Discovery Communications announced plans to change Discovery Health Channel into a new channel called OWN : Oprah Winfrey Network .
Oprah Gail Winfrey ( born January 29 , 1954 ) is an American media proprietor , talk show host , actress , producer , and philanthropist .
She was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama in 2013 and a honorary doctorate degree from Harvard .
It was scheduled to lauch in 2009 , but was delayed , and actually launched on January 1 , 2011 .
Winfrey was named `` Orpah '' after a character in the Book of Ruth .
In 1986 , Winfrey 's own talk show The Oprah Winfrey Show went on the air .
Winfrey was born on January 29 , 1954 in Kosciusko , Mississippi .
Oprah Winfrey has a lot of money .
It has an alkaline pH and a numbing effect on the lips when eaten in larger doses .
In Korean cuisine , two species are used : Z. piperitum and Z. schinifolium .
This bacterial disease , which is very difficult to control , could potentially harm the foliage and fruit of citrus crops in the U.S. .
It was never an issue of harm in human consumption .
The peppercorns can also be lightly fried in order to make a spicy oil with various uses .
From 1968 to 2005 , the United States Food and Drug Administration banned the importation of Sichuan peppercorns because they were found to be capable of carrying citrus canker ( as the tree is in the same family , Rutaceae , as the genus Citrus ) .
The preferred recipe includes ginger oil and brown sugar to be cooked with a base of noodles and vegetables , with rice vinegar and Sichuan pepper oil to be added after cooking .
The import ban was only loosely enforced until 2002 .
Hua jiao yan is a mixture of salt and Sichuan pepper , roasted and browned in a wok and served as a condiment to accompany chicken , duck and pork dishes .
In this form it is best used in stir fry noodle dishes without hot spices .
One Himalayan specialty is the momo , a dumpling stuffed with vegetables , cottage cheese or minced yak meat , beef or pork and flavored with Sichuan pepper , garlic , ginger and onion .
In 2005 , the USDA and FDA lifted the ban , provided the peppercorns are heated to around 70 degrees Celsius ( 160 degrees Fahrenheit ) to kill the canker bacteria before importation .
It is also available as an oil ( marketed as either `` Sichuan pepper oil '' or `` Hwajiaw oil '' ) .
Sichuan pepper has a unique aroma and taste .
Star anise and ginger are often used with it .
Sichuan pepper is one of the few spices which are important for Tibetan and Bhutanese cookery of the Himalayas .
Tibetans believe it can sanitize meat that may not be so fresh .
Ma la ( Chinese : 麻辣 ; pinyin : málà ; literally `` numb and hot '' ) , a flavor common in Sichuan cooking , is a combination of Sichuan pepper and chili pepper .
Although the plants are called peppers , they are not related to either black pepper or Chili pepper .
The noodles are steamed and served dry , together with a fiery sauce .
It includes Constitution Hill , Dundas Valley , Granville , Harris Park , Holroyd , Mays Hill , North Parramatta , Oatlands , Old Toongabbie , Parramatta , Rosehill , Rydalmere , Telopea , Wentworthville , Westmead and parts of Dundas , Ermington , Guildford , Merrylands , Merrylands West , Northmead , North Rocks , Pendle Hill , South Granville and South Wentworthville .
It is named for the locality of Parramatta .
The Division of Parramatta is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales .
The division is in the western suburbs of Sydney .
The name Parramatta is an Aboriginal word for `` the place where the eels lie down '' .
The division was created in 1900 for the first federal election in 1901 .
There are three main classifications of anaphylaxis .
There is also an immunologic mechanism that does not rely on IgE , but it is not known if this occurs in humans .
A multi-year course of subcutaneous desensitization has been found effective against stinging insects , while oral desensitization is effective for many foods .
Blood tests for specific antibodies can be useful to confirm milk , egg , peanut , tree nut and fish allergies .
Hoarseness , pain with swallowing , or a cough may also occur .
Skin allergy tests ( such as patch tests ) are available for certain foods and venoms .
The term comes from the Greek words ἀνά ana , against , and φύλαξις phylaxis , protection .
The most common are β-lactam antibiotics ( such as penicillin ) followed by aspirin and NSAIDs .
If someone has a reaction to penicillins , their risk of a reaction to cephalosporins is greater , but the risk is still less than one in 1000 .
Anaphylaxis to aspirin and NSAIDs occurs in about one in every 50,000 people .
Anaphylaxis typically has a number of symptoms including an itchy rash , throat swelling , and low blood pressure .
Newer , lower osmolar radiocontrast agents cause reactions in 0.04 % of cases .
Anaphylaxis to penicillins or cephalosporins only occurs after they bind to proteins inside the body , and some bind more easily than others .
Symptoms from the stomach and intestines may include crampy abdominal pain , diarrhea , and vomiting ( throwing up ) .
Children can outgrow their allergies .
Epinephrine ( adrenaline ) is the primary treatment for anaphylaxis .
In rare cases , very low blood pressure may be the only sign of anaphylaxis .
In this situation , if epinephrine is not effective , intravenous glucagon can be administered .
Methylene blue has been used in those not responsive to other measures because it may relax smooth muscle .
People with atopic diseases such as asthma , eczema , or allergic rhinitis have a high risk of anaphylaxis from food , latex , and radiocontrast agents .
Venom from stinging or biting insects such as bees and wasps ( Hymenoptera ) or kissing bugs ( Triatominae ) may cause anaphylaxis .
Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that begins suddenly and may cause death .
Minor problems from epinephrine include tremors , anxiety , headaches , and palpitations .
One study in children with anaphylaxis found that 60 % had a history of previous atopic diseases .
The combination of IgE bound to the antigen activates FcεRI receptors on mast cells and basophils .
These mediators increase the contraction of bronchial smooth muscles , cause blood vessels to widen ( vasodilation ) , increase the leakage of fluid from blood vessels , and depress the actions of the heart muscle .
The action plan usually includes use of epinephrine auto-injectors , the recommendation to wear a medical alert bracelet , and counseling on how to avoid triggers .
Worldwide , about 0.05-2 % of people have anaphylaxis at some point in their lives .
A second dose is needed in 16 to 35 % of cases .
Common causes include insect bites , foods , and medications .
Other features may include a runny nose and swelling of the mucous membrane on the surface of the eye and eyelid ( conjunctiva ) .
Skin tests can confirm penicillin allergies , but there are no skin tests for other medications .
Widening of blood vessels around the brain may cause headaches .
Anaphylaxis to penicillin occurs once in every 2,000 to 10,000 people who are treated .
( The combination of a slow heart rate and low blood pressure is known as Bezold-Jarisch reflex ) .
Respiratory symptoms and signs include shortness of breath , low-pitched difficult breathing ( wheezes ) , or high-pitched difficult breathing ( stridor ) .
The tongue or throat may swell in up to 20 % of cases .
Pseudoanaphylaxis or anaphylactoid reactions are older names for anaphylaxis that is not due to an allergic reaction , but is due to direct injury to mast cells ( mast cell degranulation ) .
Agents that can damage these cells include contrast medium for X-rays , opioids , temperature ( hot or cold ) , and vibration .
Anaphylactic shock happens when blood vessels get wider throughout most of the body ( systemic vasodilation ) , which causes low blood pressure that is at least 30 % lower than the person 's normal blood pressure or 30 % below standard values .
Intravenous epinephrine , however , has been linked to irregular heartbeats ( dysrhythmia ) and heart attacks ( myocardial infarction ) .
It can sometimes be difficult to distinguish anaphylaxis from asthma , fainting due to lack of oxygen ( syncopy ) , and panic attacks .
This type of therapy may prevent future episodes of anaphylaxis .
The second reaction is treated in the same way as the original anaphylaxis .
Parents should inform schools of their children 's allergies and what to do in case of an anaphylactic emergency .
They may be used in the hope of decreasing the risk of biphasic anaphylaxis , but their effectiveness in preventing future anaphylaxis is uncertain .
The injection may be repeated every 5 to 15 minutes if the person is not responding well to the treatment .
The current name used by the World Allergy Organization is `` non-immune anaphylaxis '' .
By age 16 , 80 % of children with anaphylaxis to milk or eggs and 20 % with a single case of anaphylaxis to peanuts are able to eat these foods without problems .
When anaphylaxis is caused by an immune response , immunoglobulin E ( IgE ) binds to the foreign material that starts the allergic reaction ( the antigen ) .
The skin may also have a blue color ( cyanosis ) due to a lack of oxygen .
The mast cells and basophils react by releasing inflammatory mediators such as histamine .
It is recommended that an epinephrine solution be injected into the muscle of the mid anterolateral thigh as soon as anaphylaxis is suspected .
When anaphylaxis is not caused by in immune response , the reaction is due to an agent that directly damages mast cells and basophils , causing them to release histamine and other substances that are usually associated with an allergic reaction ( degranulation ) .
A 2007 Cochrane review did not find any good-quality studies that could be used to recommend them .
Allergy testing may help to determine what caused a person 's anaphylaxis .
In Western cultures , the most common causes are eating or being in contact with peanuts , wheat , tree nuts , shellfish , fish , milk , and eggs .
The most common areas affected include : skin ( 80-90 % ) , lungs and breathing pathways ( 70 % ) , stomach and intestines ( 30-45 % ) , heart and blood vessels ( 10-45 % ) , and central nervous system ( 10-15 % ) .
In Asia , rice and chickpeas often cause anaphylaxis .
People who already have heart disease are at greater risk of cardiac affects from anaphylaxis .
Low-pitched breathing is typically due to spasms of the muscles in the lower part of the airway ( bronchial muscles ) .
Anaphylaxis is due to the release of mediator proteins from certain types of white blood cells .
Epinephrine autoinjectors , which allow people with anaphylaxis to inject epinephrine into a muscle themselves , are typically available in two doses , one for adults or children who weight more than 25 kg and one for children who weight 10 to 25 kg .
Many foods can trigger anaphylaxis , even when the food is eaten for the first time .
The symptoms return they typically return within 8 hours .
Any medication may cause anaphylaxis .
Anaphylaxis typically produces many different symptoms over minutes or hours .
The Academy Award for Best Animated Feature is awards for the best animated movie .
It is given each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences .
Depending on the amount of time and temperature , the affected area can vary in carbon content In earlier times one used a direct application of charcoal packed onto the metal for carburization , but modern techniques apply carbon-bearing gases or plasmas ( such as carbon dioxide or methane ) .
There is some evidence that the Pictish language may have had close ties to Common Brittonic and might be a fifth branch .
Common Brittonic ( also called Common Brythonic , British , Old Brythonic , or Old Brittonic ) was an ancient language spoken in Britain .
By the 6th century it split into several Brittonic languages : Welsh , Cumbric , Cornish , and Breton .
Common Brittonic survived into the Middle Ages in Southern Scotland and Cumbria .
South of the Firth of Forth it was replaced by Old English ( which later developed into Scots ) .
Evidence from Welsh shows a great influence from Latin on Common Brittonic during the Roman period .
Common Brittonic is descended from Proto-Celtic , a hypothetical parent language .
Common Brittonic was gradually replaced by English throughout England .
They have fangs connected to secretory glands ; it is still unknown whether these glands secrete digestive juices or poisonous venom , or whether remipedes feed primarily on detritus or on living organisms .
They have a primitive body plan in crustacean terms , and may be a basal , ancestral crustacean group .
They are generally slow-moving .
The swimming appendages are on the sides of each segment , and the animals swim on their backs .
At least one species , Godzilliognomus frondosus , has an organised brain , with a particularly large olfactory area .
They are found in almost every ocean basin so far explored , including in Australia , the Caribbean Sea , the Atlantic Ocean .
Remipedes are 10-40 millimetres ( 0.4-1 .6 in ) long .
The first described remipede was a fossil called Tesnusocaris goldichi ( early Pennsylvanian ) .
The symbolist painters used mythological and dream imagery .
The works of Edgar Allan Poe , which Baudelaire admired greatly and translated into French , were a significant influence and the source of many stock tropes and images .
Symbolists believed that art should represent absolute truths that could only be described indirectly .
Auguste Rodin is sometimes considered a symbolist sculptor .
More a philosophy than an actual style of art , symbolism in painting influenced the contemporary Art Nouveau style and Les Nabis .
The symbols used by symbolism are not the familiar emblems of mainstream iconography but intensely personal , private , obscure and ambiguous references .
Symbolism was a late 19th-century art movement of French , Russian and Belgian origin .
In literature , the style started with the publication Les Fleurs du mal ( The Flowers of Evil , 1857 ) by Charles Baudelaire .
There were several groups of Symbolist painters and visual artists , including Gustave Moreau , Gustav Klimt , Odilon Redon , Henri Fantin-Latour , Gaston Bussière , Edvard Munch , Félicien Rops , and Jan Toorop .
Its ideas affected Mikhail Vrubel , Nicholas Roerich , Martiros Saryan , Mikhail Nesterov , Léon Bakst , Elena Gorokhova in Russia , as well as Frida Kahlo in Mexico and David Chetlahe Paladin in the United States .
The name `` symbolist '' itself was first used by the critic Jean Moréas , who invented it to distinguish the symbolists from similar styles of literature and art .
Symbolism in art is related to the gothic component of Romanticism .
It was first performed in Bordeaux , France in 1789 .
La Fille Mal Gardée is a comedy ballet in three scenes .
She did receive a photoshoot for an issue of WWE Magazine .
The WWE Diva Search was a competition held by the World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) which ran from 2003 to 2007 .
In 2003 the first Diva Search was held , however the winner of the first Diva Search Jaime Koeppe did not receive a contract .
Like the past two years this also featured the WWE hiring many losing Divas , this included , Milena Roucka , the Garcia Twins , Rebecca DiPietro , Amy Zidian and Maryse Ouellet .
On September 15 , 1821 , after the last Spanish defeat in the Mexican War of Independence ( 1810-21 ) , the authorities in Guatemala declared the independence of all of Central America .
From colonial times to now , Costa Rica 's reluctance to become politically tied with the rest of Central America has been a major obstacle to efforts for greater regional integration .
Since the main market for the coffee was in Europe , it soon became a high priority to develop a transportation route from the Central Plateau to the Atlantic Ocean .
Costa Rica became a `` rural democracy '' with no oppressed mestizo or indigenous class .
All of them have been widely regarded by the international community as peaceful and transparent .
Despite enormous difficulties with construction , disease , and financing , the railroad was completed in 1890 .
Having enacted these reforms , the junta relinquished its power on November 8 , 1949 , to the new democratic government .
But in 1917-19 , General Federico Tinoco Granados ruled as a military dictator until he was overthrown .
The unpopularity of Tinoco 's government led to a considerable decline in the size , wealth , and political influence of the Costa Rican military .
For this purpose , in the 1870s , the Costa Rican government asked U.S. businessman Minor C. Keith to build a railroad to the Caribbean port of Limón .
After that , Figueres became a national hero , winning the country 's first democratic election under the new constitution in 1953 .
Since then , Costa Rica has held 13 presidential elections , the latest in 2010 .
In 1948 , José Figueres Ferrer led an armed uprising between the previous president Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia ( he served as president between 1940 and 1944 ) and Otilio Ulate Blanco .
With more than 2,000 dead , the 44-day Costa Rican Civil War was the bloodiest event in Costa Rica during the 20th century .
It was not long before Spanish settlers turned to the hills , where they found rich volcanic soil and a better climate .
Costa Rica never fought for independence from Spain .
Costa Rica was called `` the poorest and most miserable Spanish colony in all America '' by a Spanish governor in 1719 .
Coffee was first planted in Costa Rica in the early 19th century .
Costa Rica has enjoyed greater peace and political stability than other Latin American nations .
Costa Rica 's distance from the capital in Guatemala , its legal prohibition to trade with the Viceroyalty of New Granada , and the lack of gold and silver made Costa Rica into a poor , little populated region of the Spanish Empire .
In exchange for making the railroad , Costa Rican gave Keith large amounts of land and a lease on the train route , which he used to produce bananas and export them to the United States .
For all these reasons , Costa Rica was unappreciated and forgotten by the Spanish Crown .
Most of the coffee exported was transported by oxcart to the Pacific port of Puntarenas .
United States convicts , Italians and Chinese immigrants also worked in the construction of the railroad .
In 1824 , the Costa Rican capital was moved to San José .
During the colonial period , Costa Rica was the southernmost province of the Captaincy General of Guatemala .
The local population had little allegiance to the federal government in Guatemala .
After its collapse in 1823 , Costa Rica became a province of the new Federal Republic of Central America .
The United Fruit Company began to hold a major role in the national economy .
Most of the Costa Rican settlers had to work on their own land .
Most Afro-Costa Ricans come from Jamaican immigrants who worked on the railway .
The indigenous people of Costa Rica belong to the Intermediate Area .
It oversaw the drafting of a new constitution by a democratically elected assembly .
That date is still celebrated as Independence Day in Costa Rica .
While civil wars were common in the Federal Republic of Central America , Costa Rica was largely peaceful .
Costa Rica ( officially called the Republic of Costa Rica ) , is a country in Central America .
Christopher Columbus sailed to the eastern shores of Costa Rica during his last trip in 1502 , .
Coffee would remain Costa Rica 's biggest export until the 20th century .
The largest is the Bribri and Boruca tribes in south Costa Rica .
In 1838 , Costa Rica formally proclaimed itself an independent country .
A personal union is a relationship of two or more sovereign states , which , through law , share the same person as their head of state .
Flux of Pink Indians was political punk band .
His early career was as a modeller for Duesbury at the china factory on Nottingham Road in Derby , England .
Coffee also produced a terra cotta copy of the Florentine Boar ( 1806 ) and a number of terra cotta statues of Greek figures showing medicine and healing for the garden of Joseph Strutt .
This bust is a good example of Coffee 's modelling skills and is now on show at Derby Museum .
William John Coffee ( 1774-1846 ) was an English artist and sculptor who worked in porcelain , plaster , and terra cotta .
The garden was given to the town as Derby Arboretum in 1840 complete with statues , but those of the Greek figures are now missing or lost .
Coffee moved from England to New York City in 1816 , where he became famous as a sculptor for American historical figures such as James Madison and Thomas Jefferson .
He also made the mouldings for Jefferson 's house and for the University of Virginia .
He also worked in oil paint , although this was not the thing for which he became famous .
In Derby , Coffee made busts of some of the local people and historic figures including a life size sculpture of Erasmus Darwin .
Coffee also made a 10-foot-tall ( 3.0 m ) terra cotta statue of Asclepius for William Strutt 's Derbyshire Infirmary , opened 1810 .
The later part of his life was spent in America .
This implies that the medial temporal lobe is heavily involved in explicit learning , but not in implicit learning .
However , the same patients performed at the same rate as healthy controls on implicit learning tests .
Research shows that amnesiac patients with damage to the medial temporal lobe performed more poorly on explicit learning tests than did healthy controls .
Exactly where is unknown , but the temporal cortex has been proposed as a likely candidate .
Explicit or ` declarative ' memory refers to memories which can be consciously recalled such as facts and knowledge .
Long term memory is typically divided up into two major headings : explicit memory and implicit memory .
All the good things are represented by Ahura Mazda 's Spenta Mainyu , the instrument or `` Bounteous Principle '' of the act of creation .
When Ahura Mazda created everything , he made seven `` sparks '' , called Amesha Spentas ( `` Bounteous Immortals '' ) .
Ahura Mazda will win it in the end .
Zoroastrianism is a religion .
The Zoroastrian god is called Ahura Mazda .
The cause of spontaneous pneumothorax is not known .
Pneumothorax is a medical emergency .
He was a friend and critic of Niccolò Machiavelli .
Francesco Guicciardini ( March 6 , 1483 - May 22 , 1540 ) was an Italian historian and statesman .
His family was illustrious and noble ; after the usual education of a boy in grammar and elementary classical studies , his father , Piero , sent him to the universities of Ferrara and Padua , where he stayed until the year 1505 .
In 1515 he became working for the Pope Leo X , who made him governor of Reggio Emilia in 1516 and of Modena in 1517 .
Other songs and marches have been influenced by Advance Australia Fair , such as the Australian Vice-Regal salute .
Advance Australia Fair is the official national anthem of Australia .
The other three songs were : Advance Australia Fair received 43.29 % of the vote , defeating the three alternatives : Waltzing Matilda ( 28.28 % ) , Song of Australia ( 9.65 % ) , and the existing national anthem God Save the Queen ( 18.78 % ) .
For a time the song announced the news from the Australian Broadcasting Commission .
The oldest known insect ( Rhyniognatha hirsti ) , which resembles the modern springtails , was found in the Rhynie chert , pushing dates for the origination of insects back to the Silurian period .
Fungal hyphae can be seen entering plant material , acting as decomposers and mycorrhizal symbionts .
The Rhynie chert contains exceptionally preserved plant , fungus , lichen and animal material preserved in place by an overlying volcanic deposit .
The bulk of the fossil bed consists of primitive plants ( which had water-conducting cells and sporangia , but no true leaves ) , along with arthropods , lichens , algae and fungi .
Second , these cherts are famous for their exceptional state of preservation , with individual cell walls easily visible in polished specimens .
This fossil bed is remarkable for two reasons .
A second unit , the Windyfield chert , is located some 700 m away .
Stomata have been counted and lignin remnants detected in the plant material .
The chert is exposed near the village of Rhynie , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Coordinates : 57 ° 20 ′ 12 ″ N 002 ° 50 ′ 29 ″ W \/ 57.33667 ° N 2.84139 ° W \/ 57.33667 ; -2.84139 The Rhynie chert is an Lower Devonian sedimentary deposit , part of the Old Red Sandstone .
This places it at an early stage in the colonisation of land .
He played high school football at Tuscaloosa County High School .
McClain signed with the San Diego Chargers for the 2012 NFL season .
He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the fourth round of the 2007 NFL Draft .
McClain signed with the Kansas City Chiefs .
Le'Ron McClain ( born December 27 , 1984 , named pronounced Lay-ron , as in lake ) is an American football fullback for the San Diego Chargers the National Football League .
In 2008 , McClain was part of a `` 3-Headed Monster '' that also included Ray Rice and Willis McGahee .
The club was created as Pine Villa Football Club in 1895 , but changed to the current name in 1899 .
Oldham Athletic Football Club is a football that plays in Football League One .
He is currently the head coach for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League ( NFL ) , a position he assumed in January 2012 .
Pagano has previously served as the defensive coordinator of the Baltimore Ravens in 2011 , as well as several other positions .
Charles D. `` Chuck '' Pagano ( born October 2 , 1960 ) is an American American football coach and former player .
More recently , he has acted in Cow Belles and The Cheetah Girls , and the television series Kevin Hill , Sue Thomas : F.B. Eye , and Instant Star .
He is probably best known for hosting the game show Trash to Treasure and his role as `` Dude '' in The N 's television series About a Girl .
Sandy has starred in many theatrical productions , including the one man show Full Committed , in which he played 40 characters .
A Toronto native , Robson 's breakthrough role was in Crazy Canucks , the story of the 1974 World Cup ski champions .
Sandy Wayne Robson ( born November 6 , 1973 in Peterborough , Ontario ) is a Canadian actor .
( His background as a giant slalom down hill skier was useful for the film . )
Snowbird Ice cream had 21 flavors at the time , which was praised as novel and fresh .
Also , Baskin-Robbins was the first to introduce the ice cream cake to the public .
Baskin-Robbins is a global chain of ice cream parlors .
It was founded in 1953 by the merger of two separate ice cream ventures of Burt Baskin and Irv Robbins , who were brothers-in-law .
This often involved a change of location from the hilltop into the plain .
Caesar pointed out that each tribe of Gaul would have several oppida , but that they were not all of equal importance .
In conquered lands , the Romans took over the oppida to administer the empire , and many became full Roman towns .
Oppidum ( plural oppida ) is a Latin word for the main settlement in any administrative area of ancient Rome .
Many oppida grew from hill forts , but not all of them had an important defensive role .
They were the first large settlements north of the Mediterranean that could be described as towns .
Julius Caesar called the larger Celtic Iron Age settlements he found in Gaul oppida .
This may in turn have come from the Proto-Indo-European word , \* pedóm - , meaning an `` occupied space '' or `` footprint . ''
Haumea is a dwarf planet in the Solar System .
He is the only player in NHL history to have won the Conn Smythe Trophy , the award given to the most valuable player in the Stanley Cup playoffs , three times .
On November 13 , 2006 , Roy was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame .
In 2004 , Roy was selected as the greatest goaltender in NHL history by a group of 41 writers , along with a fan poll .
Bagels were first sold in grocery stores in the 1950 's .
Damselflies are insects in the order Odonata .
The wings of most damselflies are held along , and parallel to , the body when at rest .
Damselflies are also usually smaller , weaker fliers than dragonflies , and their eyes are well separated , by more than their own diameter .
Endorheic lakes in Antarctica are located in the McMurdo Dry Valleys , Victoria Land , Antarctica , the largest ice-free area in Antarctica .
All these lakes are drained , however , either through manmade canals or via karstic phenomena .
Some of the Earth 's ancient endorheic systems include :
Minor additional endorheic lakes exist throughout the Mediterranean countries Spain ( e.g. Laguna de Gallocanta ) , Italy , Cyprus ( Larnaca and Akrotiri salt lakes ) and Greece .
It contains several lakes , including : Australia , being very dry and having exceedingly low runoff ratios due to its ancient soils , has a great prominence of variable , endorheic drainages .
The most important are : Many small lakes and ponds in North Dakota and Manitoba are endorheic ; some of them have salt encrustations along their shores .
They can be found in all parts of the world , but usually in desert locations .
It lies in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt and is the northernmost volcano of the Cascade Volcanic Arc that extends down to northern California .
The Dodo ( Raphus cucullatus ) is an extinct species of flightless bird .
They had gray feathers and yellow feet .
There are no complete examples of the Dodo in the world .
Mary Boleyn ( about 1499 - 19 July 1543 ) was the elder sister of Anne Boleyn , the second wife of King Henry VIII .
Her brother George and her sister Anne were brought up along with her by members of the Boleyn household in the courtyside at Hever Castle in Kent .
Mary learned to play games such as cards , chess , and dice and outdoor pursuits such as archery , falconry , horseback riding , and hunting .
It was first presented to the playoff champion of the NHL ( replacing the O'Brien Trophy ) who then went on to face the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) champion for the Stanley Cup .
However , a traditional superstition that is prevalent among many of today 's NHL players is that no player should either touch or hoist the Wales Trophy ( or the Western Conference 's trophy , the Clarence S. Campbell Bowl ) when they have won the conference playoffs as the Eastern Conference champions .
The trophy was first established in the 1923-24 NHL season , for the champion of the NHL playoffs , but it has been the trophy for eight different accomplishments , which also include being the NHL regular season champions , American Division regular season champions , regular season champions , East Division regular season champions , Wales Conference regular season champions , Wales Conference playoffs champions , and Eastern Conference playoffs champions .
The Prince of Wales Trophy , or simply the Wales Trophy , is a National Hockey League ( NHL ) trophy awarded to the Eastern Conference ( formerly the Wales Conference ) playoff champions .
Starting with the 1981-82 campaign , when the league changed its playoff format so that the two teams meeting in the Stanley Cup finals could no longer come from the same conference , the trophy was presented to the Wales Conference playoff champions , and since the 1993-94 season , the Eastern Conference playoff champions have won the award .
After the WHL folded and the Stanley Cup was awarded only to the NHL playoff champion , the Prince of Wales Trophy was awarded to the regular season champion .
The current holder of the Prince of Wales Trophy is the Boston Bruins after defeating the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 2011 Eastern Conference finals .
With the Modern Era expansion in the 1967-68 season and the creation of the West Division , the Wales Trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the East Division during the regular season .
From 1927-28 onwards it was awarded to the champion of the NHL American Division while the O'Brien Trophy was awarded to the NHL Canadian Division .
Seven teams each played 48 games .
The 1940-41 NHL season was the 24th season of the National Hockey League .
The Boston Bruins were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Detroit Red Wings four games to none in the final series .
Note : GP = Games played , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , Pts = Points , GF = Goals for , GA = Goals against , PIM = Penalties in minutes Note : Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold Note : GP = Games played , G = Goals , A = Assists , PTS = Points , PIM = Penalties in minutes
Gramineae ) , which includes barley , maize , millet , rice , and wheat .
The flowers are typically small , enclosed by bracts , and arranged in inflorescences ( except in the genus Mayaca , with solitary terminal flowers ) .
The earliest known fossils include pollen and fruits .
Within the order , by far the most important family economically is the family of grasses ( Poaceae , syn .
It is also the largest family in the order , far outnumbering the other families :
The flowers of many species are wind pollinated ; the seeds usually contain starch .
One recent classification lists these families : The Poales are the most economically important order of monocots and possibly the most important order of plants in general .
The earliest fossils attributed to the Poales date to the late Cretaceous period about 66 million years ago , though some suggest the origin of the group may be 115 million years ago in South America .
The order includes families of plants such as the grasses , bromeliads , and sedges .
All Australian notes are now made of polymer .
the UK replaced these coins with smaller versions , as did New Zealand in 2006 - at the same time discontinuing the five-cent coin .
It is subdivided into 100 cents .
Cash sales are made to the nearest five cents .
The Australian dollar is also used on Christmas Island , Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands , Norfolk Island , and the independent Pacific Islands of Kiribati , Nauru and Tuvalu .
The most traded currencies were the US dollar , the Euro , the yen , and the pound sterling .
From 1966 , coins were made in amounts of 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 , 20 and 50 cents .
Australia has also made special 20-cent and one-dollar coins .
In 1988 , the Reserve Bank of Australia gave out plastic , ( polypropylene ) polymer banknotes ( produced by Note Printing Australia ) , to celebrate 200 years of European settlement in Australia .
In 2011 the Australian dollar was the fifth-most-traded currency in world .
Current Australian 5 - , 10 - and 20-cent coins are the same size as the old Australian , New Zealand and British sixpenny , shilling and two shilling ( florin ) coins .
The five-dollar note was printed in 1967 , after the public were used to decimal currency .
Two-dollar coins were made from 1988 .
It weighs 15.55 grams and is 31.51 mm across .
Australia has often made special 50-cent coins .
The one , two , ten and 20-dollars notes matched the old pound banknotes .
At Mankato , it turns northeast .
His brother Marzuki Stevens is a marathon runner .
When he was in school , he learned the oboe and English horn , which he also plays on his albums .
He is well known for his use of the banjo , but also plays guitar , piano , drums , and several other instruments , often playing all of these on his albums by using multitrack recording .
He went to Harbor Light Christian School as well as the Interlochen Arts Academy .
Stevens lives in the Brooklyn part of New York City in the neighborhood Kensington where he makes up the Asthmatic Kitty Records staff of the Brooklyn office .
The name was given to Stevens by the person who founded Subud , a spiritual community .
Sufjan is an Arabic name that famously belonged to Abu Sufyan , a man from early Islamic history .
Stevens says that he has plans to make a concept album for each of the 50 U.S. states .
Sufjan Stevens ( pronounced \/ ˈsuːfjɑːn \/ ) ( born July 1 , 1975 ) is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Petoskey , Michigan .
Stevens was born in Detroit , Michigan , and grew up in Petoskey .
In 2007 , he was also elected a vice-president of the International Association of Athletics Federations .
His father , Peter Coe ( born Percy N. Coe in Kingston upon Thames ) , died on 9 August 2008 , aged 88 , while Coe was in Beijing .
His mother was half Indian , born to a Punjabi father Sardari Lal and an English mother Vera .
Sebastian Newbold Coe , Baron Coe , KBE ( born 29 September 1956 , and often nicknamed `` Seb Coe '' ) is a former athlete and politician from the United Kingdom .
In December 2005 , Coe was given a Special award at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards ceremony .
After the International Olympic Committee awarded the games to London , he became the chairman of the London Organising Committee for the Olympic Games .
A middle distance runner , Coe won the 1500 m gold medal at the Olympic Games in 1980 and 1984 , and set eight outdoor and three indoor world records .
Following his retirement from athletics , he served as a Member of Parliament for the Conservative Party from 1992-97 .
These two lines : Weimar and Gotha ( - Altenburg ) form the basis of future Ernestine lines , and both have surviving male lineage up to today .
In 1596 the brothers agreed to split the duchy into Saxe-Coburg and Saxe-Eisenach .
Johann II , Duke of Saxe-Weimar ( or John II ) , died young but left eight surviving sons who ruled together , Three died , ( including Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar , the youngest , the famed general ) and a will ordering them to rule jointly .
John Frederick III of Gotha died unmarried and heirless in 1565 and John William of Weimar tried to claim Saxe-Gotha , but the sons of the imprisoned John Frederick II entered their own claim .
The other Ernestine duchies were never members of the Imperial Circle , and were subordinate to the five duchies that did belong to the Imperial Circle ( for example , the principalities of Meiningen and Hildburghausen were such ; that was one reason why Duke of Hildburghausen exchanged his patrimony to that of Altenburg ) .
All of the Ernestine Duchies ended with the abolition of the monarchy and princely states in Germany shortly after the end of World War I. Five rulers of the Ernestine duchies had a vote in the Holy Roman Empire 's Reichstag .
When duke of Saxe-Wittenberg died without an heir in 1422 , the Emperor Sigismund gave the duchy to Frederick IV of the House of Wettin .
After the division of the first Altenburg lands line , the senior Ernestine branch ( the Saxe-Weimar family ) , line held just under half of the Ernestine lands , and the junior , Gotha-Altenburg , line held more than half .
The older son of John Frederick II , and John Ernest ( d 1638 heirless ) , the younger son of John Frederick II , received together the territory of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach .
The Ernestine duchies , are sometimes called the Saxon duchies , were a changing number of small states in the present German state of Thuringia , governed by dukes of the Ernestine line of the house of Wettin The Albertine duchies of Weissenfels , Merseburg and Zeitz were are also sometime called `` Saxon duchies '' and border several Ernestine ones ) The old Duchy of Saxon began to split up in the 15th Century , because law said that all sons should inherit .
Then Ernest took northern Meißen , southern Thuringia , and Wittenberg , with Albert receiving northern Thuringia and southern Meißen Elector Ernest died in 1486 , and was succeeded by his son , Frederick III , the Wise .
The University of Wittenberg was were Martin Luther posted his 95 Theses .
Elisabeth Sophie 's cousin Frederick William III , Duke of Altenburg , died unmarried 1672 .
In 1792 the Duke of Saxe-Weimar was also the Duke of Saxe-Eisenach , and the Duke of Saxe-Altenburg was also the Duke of Saxe-Gotha , so both had two votes ; and the Duke of Saxe-Coburg had one vote .
John Frederick II set up his capitals in in Eisenach and Coburg , the middle brother John William staying in Weimar ( Saxe-Weimar ) , and the youngest , John Frederick III took Gotha ( Saxe-Gotha ) .
Albert , grandson of Albert `` the Bear '' inherited the Duchy of Saxony from his father .
Some of the Ernestine duchies stayed independent until 1918 .
Duke Ernest of Gotha and Duchess Elisabeth Sophie 's numerous sons divided the inheritance into seven parts : Gotha-Altenburg , Coburg , Meiningen , Römhild , Eisenberg , Hildburghausen and Saalfeld .
Frederick protected Luther , and did not send him to Rome for trial .
The nearby royal houses of Reuss and Schwarzburg also divided up their territory , so Thuringia was a tangle of little states , exclaves and enclaves from the late 15th Century until the early 20th Century .
Frederick allowed Lutheran reforms in his country .
Albert 's sons divided Saxony into the duchies of Saxe-Lauenburg and Saxe-Wittenberg .
All of the sons of a Saxon duke had the title of Duke , sometimes brothers ruled the territory together , and sometimes they divided it up between them .
Eventually , primogeniture ( that is , only the eldest son inherits ) became the rule for inheritance in the Ernestine Duchies .
This treaty said John William of Saxe-Weimar would also take the districts of Altenburg , Gotha and Meiningen .
William kept Weimar , Albert became Duke of Eisenach and Ernest `` the Pious '' became known as Duke of Gotha .
The new dukes of Coburg , Römhild and Eisenberg had no children , so their lands were quickly absorbed by the four remaining lines .
This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland .
Miyamura was born in Gallup , New Mexico to Japanese immigrant parents .
Hiroshi H. Miyamura ( born October 6 , 1925 ) , also known as Hershey Miyamura , was a United States Army soldier .
Miyamura joined the US Army in January 1945 .
Miyamura volunteered to be part of the all-Nisei 100th Infantry Battalion .
He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in the Korean War .
He is a Nisei , which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American .
He was a prisoner of war for 28 months .
He was called to active duty in the Korean War .
Thomas died of food poisoning while working at Penny 's Pleasure Inn in Detroit , Michigan .
He worked solo but also as sideman for Hociel Thomas , Sippie Wallace , Lilian Miller and Sodarisa Miller .
Albert Ammons and Meade Lux Lewis named this records under the fundamental boogie records .
His most famous records are „ Suitcase Blues '' ( 8958-A Okeh 8227 ) and `` The Five '' .
His sister Sippie Wallace and his nice Hociel Thomas sang .
, „ I Feel Good '' , „ Shorty George Blues '' und „ Trouble Everywhere I Roam '' .
Thomas was born in Houston , Texas into a musical family .
His sister Sippie Wallacerecorded seven of his titels : „ A Jealous Woman Like Me '' , „ A Man for Every Day of the Week '' , „ Dead Drunk Blues '' , „ Have You Ever Been Down ? ''
In the 11th century , William the Conqueror brought the Talbot hound to Britain .
The Beagle is a breed of small to medium-sized dog .
Elizabeth I called the dogs her singing beagles and often entertained guests at her royal table by letting her Pocket Beagles cavort amid their plates and cups .
Snoopy of the comic strip Peanuts has been picked as `` the world 's most famous beagle '' .
Also , Queen Elizabeth I kept a breed known as a Pocket Beagle , which stood 8 to 9 inches ( 20 to 23 centimetres ) at the shoulder .
It was named so because it could fit in a `` pocket '' or saddlebag , when they rode along on the hunt .
From medieval times , beagle was used as a general description for small hounds , even though they are actually very different from the modern breed .
Once , English Talbots were crossed with Greyhounds to make them faster in running .
Dogs that look almost the same as the modern Beagle can be traced in Ancient Greece back to around the 5th century BC .
In George Jesse 's Researches into the History of the British Dog from 1866 , Gervase Markham is quoted referring to the Beagle as small enough to sit on a man 's hand and to the :
In the Treatise on Hunting or Cynegeticus , written by Xenophon , who said there was a hound that hunted hares by scent and was followed by foot .
Beagles are mostly developed for hunting and finding hare , rabbit , and other kinds of game .
It is a Hound , and it has short legs and long , soft ears .
Beagles can have coats of different colors .
If these laws were true , it would be enough proof that beagle-type dogs lived in England before 1016 , but it is likely that the laws were written in the Middle Ages for tradition .
Beagles have been included in popular culture since the times when Queen Elizabeth began to rule , in literature and paintings , and more recently in movie , television and comic books .
Small hounds were mentioned in the Forest Laws .
Although beagle-type dogs have existed for over 2,000 years , the modern kind came from Great Britain around the 1830s .
The Talbot was a white , slow hound .
Run since 1929 , it is widely considered to be one of the most important and prestigious automobile races in the world alongside the Indianapolis 500 and the 24 Hours of Le Mans .
The Monaco Grand Prix ( Grand Prix de Monaco ) is a Formula One race held each year on the Circuit de Monaco .
Events that were part of the pre-war European Championship have a cream background .
In September 2004 , she starts a new show at Rythme FM called '' Les midis de Vero '' .
Veronique Cloutier ( born December 31 , 1974 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Quebec personality .
Benjamin Lincoln and later Henry Knox held the position .
The Secretary of War was a member of the United States President 's Cabinet , beginning with George Washington 's administration .
A similar position , called either `` Secretary at War '' or `` Secretary of War , '' was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789 .
When Washington was inaugurated as the first president under the Constitution , he appointed Knox to continue serving .
At first , he was responsible for all military affairs .
The Secretary of War led the War Department .
The Secretary of War was replaced by the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force , non-Cabinet positions under the Secretary of Defense .
In 1798 , the Secretary of the Navy was added to the cabinet , and the scope of this office was reduced to a general concern with the Army .
In traditional terms , the role of the conservator involves the examination , conservation , and preservation of cultural heritage using `` any methods that prove effective in keeping that property in as close to its original condition as possible for as long as possible . ''
All of this work is supported by research and education .
Conservation activities include examination , documentation , treatment , protection .
The conservator has ethical guidelines , including An appropriate conservation strategy requires good judgment , taking into account
It was found by Johann Palisa on February 25 , 1892 in Vienna , making it one of the last big ( diameter over 200 km ) asteroids found .
It has an unusually long rotation period among the big asteroids .
Its high eccentricity ( for comparison 36 % higher than that of Pluto ) , though , means that at most oppositions other asteroids reach higher magnitudes .
At such an opposition Bamberga can in fact be closer to Earth than any main belt asteroid with magnitude above +9.5 , getting as close as 0.78 AU .
Although its very high orbital eccentricity means its opposition magnitude varies a lot , at a rare opposition near perihelion Bamberga can reach a magnitude of +8.0 , which is as bright as Saturn 's moon Titan .
For comparison , 7 Iris never comes closer than 0.85 AU and 4 Vesta never closer than 1.13 AU when it becomes visible to the naked eye in a pollution-free sky .
Overall Bamberga is the tenth brightest main belt asteroid after , in order , Vesta , Pallas , Ceres , Iris , Hebe , Juno , Melpomene , Eunomia and Flora .
Its brightness at these rare near-perihelion oppositions makes Bamberga the brightest C-type asteroid , about one magnitude brighter than 10 Hygiea 's maximum brightness of around +9.1 .
Apart from the near-earth asteroid Eros , it was the last asteroid which is ever easily visible with binoculars to be found .
An occultation of Bamberga was seen on 8 December , 1987 , and gave a diameter of about 228 km , in agreement with IRAS results .
Its spectral class is between the C-type and P-type asteroids .
324 Bamberga is the 16th biggest asteroid in the Main asteroid belt .
Such near-perihelion oppositions happen on a regular cycle every twenty-two years , with the last happening in 1991 and the next in 2013 .
Daniel Robert `` Bob '' Graham ( born November 9 , 1936 ) is a retired American politician .
Graham was elected to the United States Senate in 1986 , defeating sitting Senator Paula Hawkins .
He was a well known member of the Democratic Party .
The modern organization was created in 1970 .
French geographer Onésime Reclus made the word Francophonie in 1880 .
There are 56 member states and governments , 3 associate members , and 19 observers .
It used to be called the Organisation internationale de la francophonie ( OIF ) or the International Organization of the Francophonie .
Agamids usually have scaly bodies , well-developed legs , and a moderately long tail ; average body size ranges from 10 to 15 cm ( 4 to 6 inches ) , and the tail is 20 to 30 cm ( 8 to 12 inches ) long , though the family varies widely .
There is no x such that x2 = − 1 .
In fact , every y , -2 ≤ y ≤ 2 has at least 2 pre-images . )
The French prefix sur means above or onto and was chosen since a surjective function maps its domain on to its codomain .
Note : One can make a non-surjective function into a surjection by restricting its codomain to elements of its range .
Combat in Fallout is like chess , because every character gets a turn .
This computer game was made by Interplay Entertainment .
John Jeremy Thorpe ( born 29 April 1929 ) is a British retired Liberal politician .
Thorpe was married to pianist Marion Stein ( 1926-2014 ) from 1973 until her death .
The couple 's son was born in 1969 .
This movie belongs to a different genre and represents a culture which is so much part of the rural Punjab ( Pakistan ) .
Such was the impact of the movie that it was copied by movie makers in India and also in Pakistan where several movies with the suffix `` Jatt '' were made .
They have no phonetic value - and are never used as word signs in writing a sentence .
In all the thousands of clay tablets , a relatively small number of different `` hands '' ( or writers ) have been detected : 45 in Pylos ( west coast of the Peloponnese , in southern Greece ) and 66 in Knossos ( Crete ) .
Linear was found mainly in the palace archives at Knossos , Cydonia , Pylos , Thebes and Mycenae .
The script may have only been used by a guild of professional scribes .
When the palaces were destroyed , the script disappeared .
Linear B is an ancient script , used to write Mycenaean Greek , the oldest known form of Ancient Greek .
This is called moulting .
Their skin is covered with scales .
The Division of Aston is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria .
Aston is in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne , including Rowville , Scoresby , Knoxfield , Vermont and Wantirna .
Aston was a blind writer and teacher who helped setup the Library of the Victorian Association of Braille Writers in 1894 .
The bells of the Clock Tower in London 's Palace of Westminster are tuned to the key of E major .
When writing in E major , clarinets in A should be used instead of clarinets in B-flat to make it easier to play .
Its relative minor is C-sharp minor .
E major is a major scale with a base note of E. Its key signature has four sharps .
E major is hard for wind instruments to play .
Joseph Smith , Jr. ( December 23 , 1805 - June 27 , 1844 ) was an American religious leader .
Latter Day Saints believe that Smith was a prophet .
On April 6 , 1830 , he started The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
Mandy Grace Capristo ( born March 21 , 1990 in Mannheim ) is a German-Italian pop singer , model and presenter .
They recorded the song `` Die Zeit hält nur in Träumen '' and presented the new one at Wetten , dass ... ?
2001 she won the contest with the song `` Ich wünsche mir einen Bankomat '' .
She also worked with Peter Maffay .
They had seven top ten hits in the charts .
Capristo had 6 years of ballet , gymnastics , dance lessons and piano lessons .
In addition she posed again in the June 2010 issue of German men 's magazine FHM .
when she was 11 , her teacher suggested that she apply for the Kiddy Contest in Austria .
2007 , readers of the German edition of FHM men 's magazine chose Capristo as number 10 of the 100 Sexiest Women in the World .
In March 2012 Mandy announced that her new single `` The Way I Like it '' would appear on 13 April .
St Pancras is owned by London and Continental Railways along with the adjacent urban regeneration area known as King 's Cross Central .
When the station opened , the arched train shed was the largest single-span roof in the world .
A secure terminal area was constructed for Eurostar services to Continental Europe-via High Speed 1 and the Channel Tunnel-along with platforms for domestic connections to the north and south-east of England .
The restored station houses fifteen platforms , a shopping center and a bus station , in addition to London Underground services from King 's Cross St. Pancras tube station .
It was opened in 1868 by the Midland Railway as its southern terminus .
After escaping planned demolition in the 1960s , the complex was renovated and expanded during the 2000s at a cost of # 800 million .
St Pancras station , also known since 2007 as St Pancras International , is a central London railway terminus celebrated for its Victorian architecture .
The Grade I listed building stands on Euston Road between the British Library , King 's Cross station and the Regent 's Canal .
In the street , Constable Woodhams ran to help Bentley , but was himself wounded by one of the gang firing from the cover of the house , as was Sergeant Tucker , who died almost instantly .
Constable Choate and Sergeant Bentley died in separate hospitals the same day .
The gang 's leader , George Gardstein , opened the door , but when he did not answer their questions they assumed he did not understand English and told him to fetch someone who did .
Growing impatient , the two sergeants entered the house to find the room apparently empty , before they became aware of a man standing in the darkness at the top of the stairs .
Gardstein left the door half-closed and disappeared .
The gang then attempted to break out of the cul-de-sac , Gardstein being grabbed by Constable Choate almost at the entrance .
In the struggle Choate was wounded several times by Gardstein , before being shot five more times by other members of the gang , who also managed to hit Gardstein in the back .
After a short conversation , another man entered through the yard door , rapidly firing a pistol , while the man on the stairs also started shooting .
Instead , the remains of two members of the gang , Fritz Svaars and William Sokolow ( both were also known by numerous aliases ) , were later discovered inside the building .
No sign of Peter the Painter was found .
Both officers were hit , with Bentley collapsing across the doorstep , while Bryant managed to stagger outside .
They then dragged Gardstein 3\/4 of a mile to 59 Grove Street , where he died the next day .
When the fire brigade arrived , Churchill refused them access to the building .
The defenders , though heavily outnumbered , had better gunss and great stores of ammunition .
The police stood ready , guns aimed at the front door , waiting for the men inside to attempt their escape .
Six hours into the battle , and just as the field artillery piece that Churchill had authorised arrived , a fire began in the building .
An intense search followed , and a number of the gang or their associates were soon arrested .
Churchill authorised calling in a detachment of Scots Guards to assist the police .
Besides the three policemen , a London firefighter also died of his injuries .
The door never opened .
The house had a single ground-floor room , into which the front door directly opened , with a staircase leading to the upper floors on the left , and a door to the open yard at the back on the right .
The Siege of Sidney Street , or the `` Battle of Stepney '' , was a notorious gunfight in London 's East End on 3 January 1911 .
On 2 January 1911 , an informer told police that two or three members of the gang , possibly including Peter the Painter , were hiding at 100 Sidney Street , Stepney .
The Tower of London was called for backup , and word got to the Home Secretary , Winston Churchill .
On 16 December 1910 , a gang of Jewish immigrants attempted to break into the rear of a jeweller 's shop at 119 Houndsditch .
Sergeants Bentley and Bryant knocked at the door of No. 11 Exchange Buildings , behind the jeweller 's shop .
Nine unarmed officers - three sergeants and six constables ( two in plain clothes ) - moved towards the jewellers .
There was frequent speculation that Wregget would take over as the starting goaltender .
In 1983 , he joined the St. Catharines Saints , the Toronto AHL affiliate , after being drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the third round of the 1982 NHL Entry Draft , 45th overall .
Wregget played for three seasons with the Lethbridge Broncos of the Western Hockey League and won the Del Wilson Trophy as the WHL 's top goaltender in 1984 .
He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs , Philadelphia Flyers , Pittsburgh Penguins , Calgary Flames , and Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League from 1983 through 2000 .
The 1986-87 season was his first full year in the NHL .
In 1992 , he was traded from the Philadelphia Flyers to the reigning champion Pittsburgh Penguins along with Kjell Samuelsson and Rick Tocchet in exchange for Mark Recchi .
He stopped Washington Capitals star Joé Juneau , extending what was the third-longest game in NHL history , the longest game since 1936 .
Wregget was generally backup to Penguins goaltender Tom Barrasso , although Wregget was regarded as a solid goaltender in his own right .
Wregget 's best season came in 1994-95 when he played in 38 games and compiled a 25-9-2 record with a 3.21 goals against average and a .903 save percentage while also leading the NHL in wins .
The Penguins finally won 3-2 in the fourth overtime period .
He won the Stanley Cup in 1992 with the Pittsburgh Penguins .
He played one season for the Manitoba Moose of the International Hockey League in 2000-2001 before retiring at the age of 37 .
Kenneth Wregget ( born March 25 , 1964 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender .
He split time for two seasons between St. Catharines and the Maple Leafs .
In 2009 , he was inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame .
He was also the goaltender who faced the first penalty shot ever awarded during an overtime period in NHL playoff history ( 1996 ) .
These territories were to be incorporated into the two Bulgarian autonomous provinces as follows : The Great Powers elaborated in detail the constitutional , legislative , executive , defense and law enforcement arrangements , cantonal administrative system , taxation , international supervision etc. for the proposed autonomous provinces .
The Great Powers were represented at the conference respectively by : Lord Salisbury and Sir Henry Elliot ; Count Nikolay Ignatyev ( historical spelling Nicolai Ignatieff ) ; Count Jean-Baptiste de Chaudordy and Count François de Bourgoing ; Baron Karl von Werther ; Baron Heinrich von Calice and Count Ferenc Zichy ; Count Luigi ( Lodovico ) Corti .
The US Consul General in Constantinople , Eugene Schuyler also took an active part in drafting the conference decisions .
Of these , Lord Salisbury , Count de Chaudordy and Baron von Calice were Ambassadors Plenipotentiary to the conference , while Count Ignatyev , Sir Henry Elliot , Count de Bourgoing , Baron von Werther , Count Zichy and Count Corti were the resident Ambassadors of their countries in Constantinople .
Lord Salisbury and Count Ignatyev played a leading role in the process .
The Great Powers agreed on a substantial Bulgarian autonomy to take the form of two new Ottoman provinces ( vilayets ) established for the purpose : Eastern , with capital Tarnovo , and Western , with capital Sofia .
On his part , Salisbury saw the conference as a promising opportunity for mapping out a comprehensive deal with Russia over their conflicting territorial ambitions in Central Asia .
Following the Herzegovinian Rebellion started in 1875 and the Bulgarian Uprising in April 1876 , the Great Powers agreed on a project for political reforms both in Bosnia and in the Ottoman territories with a majority Bulgarian population .
Although the Turkish representatives participated in the plenaries of the conference , they were not invited to the preceding working sessions at which the Great Powers negotiated their agreement .
The conference envisaged the creation of an autonomous province including Bosnia and most of Herzegovina , while a southern part of the latter was to be ceded to Montenegro .
The Ottoman Empire was represented at the conference by : Mithat Pasha , Saffet Pasha and Edhem Pasha .
Ignatyev was trying to dispel British misgivings about Russia 's assumed role of a protector of the Orthodox Slavs being but a disguise of its drive to take over the Bosporus and Constantinople itself and thus - as Prime Minister Disraeli feared - potentially threaten the vital Mediterranean routes to British India .
The conference determined that , as of the late 19th century , the Bulgarian ethnic territories within the Ottoman Empire extended to the Danube Delta in the northeast , Kastoria in the southwest , Kirklareli and Edirne in the southeast , and Niš in the northwest .
Mithat Pasha was the Grand Vizier ( First Minister ) , and Saffet Pasha the Foreign Minister of Turkey .
The 1876-1877 Constantinople Conference ( or ` Shipyard Palace Conference ' , from the conference venue ) of the Great Powers ( Britain , Russia , France , Germany , Austria-Hungary and Italy ) was held in Istanbul ( Constantinople ) from 23 December 1876 until 20 January 1877 .
Karol Szymanowski ( 6 October 1882 - 29 March 1937 ) was a Polish composer .
Sometimes , an urban contemporary station will play classic soul music songs from the '70s and early '80s to make old people happy .
For Latino people , the music is more like music from Latin neighborhoods , such as Reggaeton , Hip hop from South America , or bachata .
The first person to use this word was the now dead New York DJ Frankie Crocker in the mid 1970s .
Their playlists are mainly singles by popular hip hop and R&B artists .
Some cities that have Urban contemporary stations are ; Los Angeles , California , New York City , Atlanta , Georgia , Chicago , Fayetteville , North Carolina , Charlotte , and Norfolk , Virginia , etc. .
The words `` urban contemporary '' make people think of African American music , like R&B .
Urban contemporary came from R&B and Soul .
Urban contemporary radio stations play only hip hop\/rap , contemporary R&B , more urban-styled pop , and on occasion , Caribbean music such as reggae and reggaeton .
By comparison , the magnetic field of the Sun averages 1 G ( 100 µT ) , although it can rise as high as 3 kG ( 0.3 T ) in active sunspot regions .
Today similar flare stars are classified as UV Ceti type variable stars in variable star catalogs .
Still the best-known flare star is UV Ceti , that star was discovered in 1948 .
Barnard 's Star is the second nearest star system to our sun and scientists suspect it is a flare star .
Flares can happen once every few days or , as in the case of Barnard 's Star , much less frequently .
The first known flare stars were discovered in 1924 , they were V1396 Cygni and AT Microscopii .
The brightness increases across the spectrum , from X rays to radio waves .
Nine stars similar to the Sun have also been seen to flare .
Most flare stars are dim red dwarfs , although research done not too long ago suggests that less massive ( lighter ) brown dwarfs might also be able to flare .
It is a UV Ceti flare star , and flares relatively often .
The more massive ( heavier ) RS Canum Venaticorum variables ( RS CVn ) are also known to flare , but scientists understand that a companion star in a binary system causes these flares .
Proxima Centauri , the nearest star to the Solar System , is also a flare star .
The mean ( average ) magnetic field varies significantly during periods of time as short as six hours .
Sometimes , the singers were accompanied by instruments .
Later composers such as Orlando de Lassus were influenced by the Italian madrigal .
The first book of sheet music printed from movable type was Harmonice Musices Odhecaton , a collection of 96 chansons by many composers , published in Venice in 1501 .
Very often `` chansons '' refers to the French songs that were sung in the late Middle Ages and Renaissance .
The earliest chansons were for two , three or four voices , many of them being for three voices .
In the Renaissance Guillaume Dufay and Gilles Binchois wrote many simple chansons .
The first important composer of chansons was the medieval composer Guillaume de Machaut .
These names were suggested by the scientists who discovered them during stellar occultations in 1984 and 1985 .
Courage , a very small and dim arc during the Voyager flyby , was seen to flare in brightness in 1998 , while more recently it was back to its usual dimness but had advanced by an additional 8 ° ahead of the other arcs .
However , visible light observations show that the total amount of material in the arcs has remained approximately steady , but they are dimmer in the infra-red where previous observations were taken .
The planet Neptune has a dim planetary ring system which is made up of several separate rings and some `` ring arcs '' .
Note : CR = Conference rank ; GP = Games played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; OTL = Overtime\/shootout loss ; GF = Goals for ; GA = Goals against ; PIM = Penalties in minutes ; Pts = Points Bolded teams qualified for the playoffs .
The 2006-07 Chicago Blackhawks season was the Hawks ' 81st season .
Final regular season standings for the 2006-07 NHL season .
Steven H Silver , Evelyn C. Leeper , and Robert B. Schmunk created the award .
The Sidewise Awards for Alternate History were established in 1995 .
The awards are named after the 1934 short story `` Sidewise in Time '' by Murray Leinster .
There have been three to eight judges , including judges in the UK and South Africa .
The Long-Form award may be for writing that is longer than 60,000 words .
The Short-Form award is for writing that is shorter than 60,000 words .
Pennsylvania is one of the 50 states in the United States of America .
The state capital of Pennsylvania is Harrisburg .
The current governor of Pennsylvania is Tom Corbett .
It has a border with Ohio on the west , West Virginia on the south and west , Maryland and Delaware on the south , New Jersey on the east , and New York and Lake Erie on the north .
Pennsylvania is the 33rd largest states in the United States , with a land area of 44,817 square miles .
Most of Pennsylvania is part of the Appalachian Mountains , including the south central and northeastern areas of the state .
It is in the northeastern part of the country .
Low-Temperature Fischer-Tropsch ( LTFT ) is operated at lower temperatures and uses a cobalt-based catalyst .
High-Temperature Fischer-Tropsch ( or HTFT ) is operated at temperatures of 330 ° C-350 ° C. HTFT uses an iron-based catalyst .
In October 2006 , Finnish paper and pulp manufacturer UPM announced its plans to produce biodiesel by Fischer-Tropsch process .
This Shell factory turns natural gas into low-sulfur diesel fuels and food-grade wax .
One of the largest uses of F-T technology is in Bintulu , Malaysia .
The Fischer-Tropsch process ( or Fischer-Tropsch Synthesis or F-T ) is a set of chemical reactions that turn a mixture of carbon monoxide gas and hydrogen gas into liquid hydrocarbons ( fossil fuels like gasoline or kerosene ) .
Many different catalysts can be used for the Fischer-Tropsch process .
Sasol takes coal and natural gas and uses them for the F-T Process .
Shell used LTFT in an integrated Gas-to-Liquid ( GTL ) plant in Bintulu , Malaysia .
Iron catalysts are better for when the stuff you put in is lower quality ( less pure ) such as coal or biomass .
Many times , iron catalysts change very much and form many chemical phases , like various oxides and carbides , during the reaction .
For factories that start out with methane and want to make a liquid hydrocarbon ( like kerosene ) , another important reaction is `` steam reforming '' , which turns the methane into CO ( carbon monoxide ) and H2 ( hydrogen gas ) .
Cobalt catalysts are very good for the Fischer-Tropsch process when what you are putting in is natural gas .
Jupiter was the ruler of the gods and the protector of Rome , where his temple was the center of Roman Religion and of the cult of state .
In 62 an earthquake shook the city of Pompeii , destroying much of the Temple of Jupiter .
The Temple of Jupiter , Capitolium , or Temple of the Capitoline Triad was a temple in the Roman city of Pompeii in Italy .
As the most important god in Ancient Rome , many temples were built to honor Jupiter or the entire Capitoline Triad ( a group of three gods that included Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva ) in towns newly taken over by the Romans .
The hollow temple can still be seen in Pompeii today .
After this , the much smaller Temple of Jupiter Meilichios became the main place of worship to Jupiter and his group of three ( triad ) .
The inside of the temple housed the main room of the temple , which held the statues of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva , and which only the priests were allowed to enter .
At the beginning this temple was dedicated to Jupiter alone , it was built in the mid 2nd century BC at the same time as the temple of Apollo was being worked on - this was the era at which Roman influence over Pompeii was at its height and so Roman Jupiter beat out the Greek Apollo as the town 's highest god .
It was still allowed to mostly run itself , however , until the Italic Revolt against Rome at the beginning of the 1st century BC .
The temple had been built in 150 BC to be a very noticeable part of the forum , and it became Pompeii 's main temple after Rome took over .
Pompeii was taken over by the Romans beginning in 310 BC .
The building style of the town was largely borrowed from the Greeks , but Roman rule would soon lead to changes in this style .
Pompeii was changed into a much more public and open place .
The first Temple of Jupiter was still waiting to be fixed when Mount Vesuvius erupted in 79 , burying the town of Pompeii under lava and ash .
This was also true for Pompeii , where the Temple of Jupiter that was already there was enlarged and made more Roman when the Romans took over .
She received the Constantijn Huygens Prize in 1981 and the P. C. Hooft Award in 1984 .
In 1989 the city of Boston awarded her the Boston Certificate of Recognition for her book In a Dark Wood Wandering .
It was the Officier dans l'Ordre de la Légion d'Honneur .
Hélène `` Hella '' Serafia Haasse ( 2 February 1918 - 29 September 2011 ) was a Dutch writer .
Haasse has received many awards for her writing .
The Académie française gave Hasse an award called the Diplôme de médaille Argent in 1984 .
In 1988 Haasse interviewed the Dutch Queen for her 50th birthday .
In 1992 , Haasse went to the opening of the IKAPI International ( Worldwide ) Book Fair in Jakarta and visited Java , where she was born .
Many people think her greatest book is Heren van de Thee ( The Tea Lords ) .
The Chilean Ministry of Education gave her a prize in 1996 .
The card was first issued to the public in July 2003 with a limited range of features and there continues to be a phased introduction of further functions .
The card is designed to reduce the number of transactions at ticket offices and the number of single paper tickets sold on the London transport network .
It is promoted by Transport for London and is valid on a number of different travel systems across London including London Underground , buses , the Docklands Light Railway ( DLR ) , London Overground , trams , some river boat services and most National Rail services within the London Fare Zones .
Use is encouraged by offering substantially cheaper fares on Oyster than payment with cash .
By June 2010 , over 34 million Oyster cards had been issued and more than 80 % of all journeys on services run by Transport for London used the Oyster card .
The Oyster card is a form of electronic ticketing used on public transport services within London .
It is also a contactless smartcard which passengers must touch onto an electronic reader when entering and leaving the transport system in order to validate it or deduct funds .
A standard Oyster card is a blue credit card-sized stored value card which can hold a variety of single tickets , period tickets and travel permits which must be added to the card prior to travel .
In 1993 , the International Radio and Television Organisation ( OIRT ) , an equivalent organization of broadcasters from Central and Eastern Europe , was merged with the EBU .
The European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) , known in French as L'Union Européenne de Radio-Télévision ( UER ) , and unrelated to the European Union , was formed on 12 February 1950 by 23 broadcasting organizations from Europe and the Mediterranean at a conference in the coastal resort of Torquay in Devon , England .
In 1953 it was replaced by the `` Academy of the Hebrew Language '' that was established in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem on the Givat Ram campus .
Like The Beatles , they came from Liverpool and were also managed by Brian Epstein .
Gerry and The Pacemakers were an English rock and roll group during the 1960s .
Their first three songs in 1963 , `` How Do You Do It ? ''
Someone who studies evolutionary biology is known as an evolutionary biologist .
In the United States , as a result of the rapid growth of molecular and cell biology , many universities have split their biology departments into molecular and cell biology-style departments and ecology and evolutionary biology-style departments .
Evolutionary biology became an academic subject as a result of the modern evolutionary synthesis in the 1930s and 1940s .
It was not until the 1970s and 1980s that universities had departments that used the term evolutionary biology in their titles .
Suggestions as to how it arose include animals getting stuck in a bog , to becoming trapped in deep mud , to falling victim to drought-induced mortality around a waterhole , to getting trapped in a spring-fed pond or seep .
Potential prey included ornithopods , stegosaurs , and sauropods .
Allosaurus averaged 8.5 metres ( 28 ft ) in length , though some remains suggest it could reach over 12 meters ( 39 ft ) .
Its three-fingered forelimbs were smaller than its large hind legs , and the body was balanced by a long , heavy tail .
It is estimated that the remains of at least 46 A. fragilis have been found there , out of at least 73 dinosaurs .
The fossil site known as the Cleveland-Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry in Emery County , Utah was known in 1927 , but major operations did not begin there until 1960 .
Regardless of the cause , the great quantity of well-preserved Allosaurus remains means the animal is one of the best-known theropods .
An effort from nearly 40 institutions got thousands of bones between 1960 and 1965 .
Some paleontologists think Allosaurus had cooperative behavior , and hunted in packs .
It probably preyed on large herbivorous dinosaurs and perhaps even other predators ( e.g. Ceratosaurus ) .
Perm Krai is located in the east of the East European Plain and the western slope of the Middle Ural Mountains .
Rivers of Perm Krai belong to the Kama River Basin , the largest tributary of the Volga River .
There are more than 29,000 rivers in Perm Krai .
The city of Perm became the administrative center of the new federal subject .
A date of 1596-1597 is now accepted .
Shylock insists on the pound of flesh as stated in the bond .
The Merchant of Venice is a play written by William Shakespeare .
In his youth , Shavo used to spend his time skateboarding and listening to punk rock and heavy metal music .
They then named themselves `` System of a Down '' after a poem titled `` Victims of a Down '' authored by bandmate Daron Malakian .
Odadjian is a popular DJ in the LA area met by `` Dj Tatic '' , taking part in such events as the `` Rock\/DJ Explosion '' on March 2 2001 at The Roxy in Hollywood and collaborating with bandmate Tankian on SerArt , the singer 's side project with Armenian musician Arto Tunçboyacıyan .
Shavo Odadjian ( Armenian : Շավո Օդաջյան ) ( born April 22 1974 , Yerevan , Armenia as Shavarsh Odadjian ) is the bassist for the Armenian American-based alternative metal band , System of a Down .
In 1995 , Shavo became the permanent bassist of the band .
In Hindi and Bengali , Amit ( Hindi : अमित ) means infinite or immeasurable or boundless .
It also means an eternal friend of everyone in Hindi , Nepali and Sanskrit .
It is one of the 108 names of the Hindu God Shri Ganesha .
The worm was first found on August 18 , 2003 .
The PS3 version of Modern Warfare 3 also topped the Japanese chart in its first week on sale .
Modern Warfare 3 also topped the UK video game sales chart in the first seven days .
The PS3 version sold 180,372 copies , while the Xbox 360 version sold around 30,000 .
By November 21 , 2011 , the game was the bestselling title in the United Kingdom , sales dropping by 87 % .
Modern Warfare 3 was still the top spot on the UK charts in the third and fourth week .
Instead , they asked Sledgehammer Games to work with Infinity Ward to develop Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 together .
It was founded in 2009 by Glen Schofield and Michael Condrey , who worked at Visceral Games and have been an important of the Dead Space franchise development .
It grossed more than $ 775 million globally in the first 5 days .
Sledgehammer Games had spent six months working on the Call of Duty third-person shooter before they began working with Infinity Ward .
J to tha L-O !
: The Remixes is third album by Jennifer Lopez .
It was one of the best-selling remix albums of all the time .
It was the first remix album to debut at the top of Billboard 200 .
Scientists call sugars carbohydrates .
There are other chemical substances that can be used to produce a sweet taste , but that are not sugar .
Artificial sweeteners are often used to replace sugar in different types of food .
William Holden ( April 17 , 1918 - November 12 , 1981 ) was an American actor .
Holden was born in O'Fallon , Illinois and moved to South Pasadena , California when he was three .
It was released on February 11 , 2011 .
Given as a Christmas `` gift '' to her fans at the stroke of midnight on New Year 's Day 2011 , she announced ( via Twitter ) that May 23 , 2011 and February 13 , 2011 would see the release of Born This Way and this song respectively .
While accepting the Video of the Year award ( for `` Bad Romance '' ) at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards , Gaga , after tearfully announcing her forthcoming album 's title , sang a few lines from the song : `` I 'm beautiful in my way , 'cause God makes no mistakes ; I 'm on the right track , baby , I was born this way . ''
Born This Way is a single by American pop singer Lady Gaga .
They called it Ebonics .
Tweed New Haven Regional Airport ( IATA : HVN , ICAO : KHVN , FAA LID : HVN ) , formerly known as Tweed-New Haven Airport , is a public airport 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) southeast of the central business district of New Haven , Connecticut , United States .
Tweed New Haven Regional Airport is currently owned by the City of New Haven .
The airport property is in New Haven and the town of East Haven .
Ammonites were marine cephalopod molluscs of the subclass Ammonoidea .
Ammonites first appeared in the early Devonian period .
Over all , the Earth is made of iron ( 32.1 % ) , oxygen ( 30.1 % ) , silicon ( 15.1 % ) , magnesium ( 13.9 % ) , sulfur ( 2.9 % ) , nickel ( 1.8 % ) , calcium ( 1.5 % ) , and aluminium ( 1.4 % ) .
The Earth is the third planet from the Sun and it is the only planet known to have life on it .
The center of the earth ( the `` core '' ) is mostly iron ( 88.8 % ) , nickel ( 5.8 % ) , sulfur ( 4.5 % ) , and less than 1 % other things .
The Earth formed around 4.5 billion years ago .
The living part of the Earth 's surface is called the `` biosphere '' .
Cockles are capable of ` jumping ' by bending and straightening the foot .
Cockles in the family Cardiidae are sometimes known as `` true cockles '' in order to distinguish them from these other species .
Confusingly , the common name `` cockle '' is also given ( by seafood sellers ) to a number of other small edible bivalves which have a somewhat similar shape , however these bivalves are in other families such as the Veneridae ( Venus clams ) and the Arcidae ( ark clams ) .
Cockles burrow using the foot , and feed by filtering plankton from the surrounding water .
The distinctive rounded shells of cockles are symmetrical , and are heart-shaped when viewed from the end .
The genus Laevicardium , the egg cockles , have very smooth shells .
The mantle has three openings ( inhalant , exhalant , and pedal ) for siphoning water and for the foot to stick out .
They are marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae .
In most genera there are numerous radial ribs ( ridges on the shell ) .
They are very common on sandy sheltered beaches throughout the world .
The route is 10.16 miles ( 16.35 km ) long if extended to Troy , or 9.55 miles ( 15.37 km ) without the NY 7 overlap .
Interstate 787 ( I-787 ) is an Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of New York .
North of NY 7 , the highway continues as NY 787 to the city of Cohoes .
Other sources say it is at its interchange with NY 7 and NY 787 in the town of Colonie .
The southern end is at the toll plaza for New York State Thruway ( I-87 ) exit 23 .
The location of the northern end is unclear .
Some sources say it is at 8th Street in Troy .
Edouard Lalo ( born Lille , 27 January 1823 ; died Paris , 22 April 1892 ) was a French composer .
Hautes-Pyrénées has two small territorial exclaves-a remnant from the Middle Ages-within the neighboring département of Pyrénées-Atlantiques .
It is part of the Midi-Pyrénées region and has two small territorial exclaves-a remnant from the Middle Ages-located within the neighboring département of Pyrénées-Atlantiques .
The third region , in the northern part of the department , is the plain of the Adour river and consists of largely flat agricultural land .
Hautes-Pyrénées ( Occitan : Nauts Pirenèus \/ Hauts Pirenèus ) is a department in the southwest of France .
Spandau was one of only two Four-Power organizations to continue to operate after the breakdown of the Allied Control Council ; the other being the Berlin Air Safety Center .
This rigidity was primarily due to the much-loathed Soviet director , who perpetually enforced these measures and whom Russian and Western guards alike feared and despised .
In the aftermath of the Reichstag Fire of 1933 , opponents of Hitler and journalists such as Egon Kisch and Carl von Ossietzky were held there in so-called protective custody .
Lights out was at 22:00 hours .
In late 2008 , Media Markt left the main shopping complex .
The Soviets would offer an unchanging diet of coffee , bread , soup , and potatoes .
The four occupying powers of Berlin would alternate control of the prison on a monthly basis , each having the responsibility for a total of three months out of the year .
Each nation in charge would bring its own cook and , in the American , French , and British months , feed the prisoners better than regulations allowed .
Besides the sixty or so soldiers on duty in or around the prison at any given time , there were teams of professional civilian warders from each of the four countries , four prison directors and their deputies , four army medical officers , cooks , translators , waiters , porters and others .
The prison was demolished in 1987 , largely to prevent it from becoming a Neo-Nazi shrine , after the death of its final remaining prisoner , Rudolf Hess , who had been the prison 's sole occupant after the release of Speer and von Schirach in 1966 .
By regulation , all of the produce was to be put toward use in the prison kitchen , but prisoners and guards alike often skirted this rule and indulged in the garden 's offerings .
Bird wrote a book about Hess 's imprisonment entitled The Loneliest Man in the World .
After World War II it was operated by the Four-Power Authorities to house the Nazi war criminals sentenced to imprisonment at the Nuremberg Trials .
Supper followed at 17:00 hours , after which the prisoners were returned to their cells .
As prison regulations slackened and as prisoners became either apathetic or too ill to maintain their plots , the garden was consolidated into one large workable area .
Spandau Prison became a sort of predecessor of the Nazi concentration camps .
On days without access to the garden , for instance when it was raining , the prisoners occupied their time making envelopes together in the main corridor .
This suited the former architect Speer , who , being one of the youngest and liveliest of the inmates , later took up the task of refashioning the entire plot of land into a large complex garden , complete with paths , rock gardens , and flower displays .
Due to the number of cells available , an empty cell was left between the prisoners ' cells , to avoid the possibility of prisoners communicating in Morse Code .
Other remaining cells in the wing were designated for other purposes , with one being used for the prison library and another for a chapel .
It held up to 600 inmates at that time .
Between 1966 and 1987 , Rudolf Hess was the only inmate in Spandau Prison .
In addition , some of the sixty soldiers on guard duty manned nine machine-gun armed guard 's towers twenty-four hours a day .
His only companion was the warden , Eugene K. Bird , who became a close friend .
Compared with other established prison regulations at the time , Spandau 's rules were quite strict .
This routine , except the time allowed in the garden , changed very little throughout the years , although each of the controlling nations made their own interpretation of the prison regulations .
In 2006 a Kaiser 's Supermarket , ALDI and a Media Markt consumer electronics store occupied the former prison grounds .
Dönitz favored growing beans , Funk tomatoes , and Speer flowers , although the Soviet director subsequently banned flowers for a time .
Prisoners were given a shave and a haircut , if necessary , every Monday , Wednesday and Friday ; they did their own laundry every Monday .
Until this director 's sudden removal in the early 1960s , the ` Soviet month ' was dreaded .
Only seven prisoners were finally imprisoned there .
By the end of 1933 the first Nazi concentration camps had been built ( at Dachau , Osthofen , Oranienburg , Sonnenburg , Lichtenburg and the marshland camps around Esterwegen ) .
Afterwards , matters , including diet , were improved .
It was supposed to be controlled by the Prussian Ministry of Justice but the Gestapo tortured and abused its inmates , as Egon Erwin Kisch recalls in his memories of Spandau Prison .
The site was made into a car park and a NAAFI shopping center , named The Britannia Centre Spandau and nicknamed Hessco 's after a British supermarket chain called `` TESCO '' .
Every part of life in the prison was strictly set out by a set of rules designed before the prisoners ' arrival by the Four Powers - France , Britain , the Soviet Union , and the United States .
The garden space was first divided into small personal plots that were used by each prisoner in many ways , usually for the growing of vegetables .
Coordinates : 52 ° 31 ′ 16 ″ N 13 ° 11 ′ 07 ″ E \/ 52.52111 ° N 13.18528 ° E \/ 52.52111 ; 13.18528 Spandau Prison was a prison situated in the borough of Spandau in the British Sector of West Berlin .
The Allied powers originally took over the prison in November 1946 , expecting it to accommodate a hundred or more war criminals .
At first it was only used for soldiers but after 1919 it was also used for civilian inmates .
Arriving from Nuremberg on 18 July 1947 , they were : Of the seven , only four served all of their sentence ; the remaining three , Neurath , Raeder , and Funk , were released early due to ill health .
The cells were approximately 3 metres long by 2.7 metres wide and 4 metres high .
Every day , prisoners had to wake up at 06:00 hours , wash , clean their cells and the corridor together , eat breakfast .
All prisoners feared the months when the Soviets were in control ; the Russians were much stricter in enforcing prison regulations and offered poorer quality meals .
Western commentators accused the Russians of keeping Spandau prison in operation chiefly as a center for Soviet spying , as they had an excuse to drive into western Berlin , and the soldiers often looked out over the city instead of into the prison grounds .
All materials from the demolished prison were ground to powder and dumped in the North Sea or buried at the former RAF Gatow .
The prison , initially designed for a population in the hundreds , was an old brick building surrounded by one wall 15 feet high , another of 30 feet , a 10 foot high wall topped with electrified wire , followed by a wall of barbed wire .
The highlight of the prison , from the inmates ' point of view , was the garden .
The directors and guards of the Western powers ( France , Britain , and the United States ) , often complained about many of the stricter measures .
The prison was built in 1876 .
Ivan Milat killed all of these people , and they say that 7 people died .
There are small amounts of rainfall and the summer temperature is very high .
Ancient dry riverbeds-called omuramba-traverse the Central Northern reaches of the Kalahari and provide standing pools of water during the rainy season .
The only permanent river , the Okavango , flows into a delta in the northwest , forming marshes that are rich in wildlife .
The driest areas usually receive 110-200 millimetres ( 4.3-7 .9 in ) of rain per year , and the wettest just a little over 500 millimetres ( 20 in ) .
Previously havens for wild animals from elephant to giraffe , and for predators such as lion and cheetah , the riverbeds are now mostly grazing spots , though leopard or cheetah can still be found .
Botswana Namibia South Africa
The Kalahari has a number of game reserves-the Central Kalahari Game Reserve ( CKGR , the world 's second largest protected area ) , Khutse Game Reserve and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park .
Animals that live in the region include brown hyenas , lions , meerkats , giraffe , warthogs , jackals and several species of antelope ( including the eland , gemsbok , springbok , hartebeest , steenbok , kudu , and duiker ) , and many species of bird and reptiles .
The surrounding Kalahari Basin covers over 2.5 million km ² extending farther into Botswana , Namibia and South Africa , and encroaching into parts of Angola , Zambia and Zimbabwe .
It has huge tracts of excellent grazing after good rains .
Michael René Grabner ( born October 5 , 1987 in Villach , Austria ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player who is with the New York Islanders , a team in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
He was traded to the Florida Panthers , along with Steve Bernier and a first round draft pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft , on June 25 , 2010 for Keith Ballard and Victor Oreskovich .
The Arabic Wikipedia ( Arabic : ويكيبيديا العربية ) is the Arabic language version of Wikipedia .
At that time , it was the 24th largest edition of Wikipedia by article count .
However , there is a significant Shia minority , mostly in Sokoto State ( see Shia in Nigeria ) .
Muslims in Nigeria are predominantly Sunni in the Maliki school , which is also the governing Sharia law .
A smaller number of people follow the Ahmadiyya Islam , a reformatory sect that started in 19th century India .
Pew Forum on religious diversity says that 12 % are Shia Muslims while 3 % are Ahmadi Muslims .
For many years , Fallaci was a special correspondent for the political magazine L'Europeo and wrote for a number of leading newspapers and Epoca magazine .
A young partisan during World War II , she had a long and successful journalistic career .
During the 1968 Tlatelolco massacre prior to the 1968 Summer Olympics , Fallaci was shot three times , dragged down stairs by her hair , and left for dead by Mexican forces .
Fallaci began her journalistic career in her teens , becoming a special correspondent for the Italian paper Il mattino dell ` Italia centrale in 1946 .
Since 1967 she worked as a war correspondent , in Vietnam , for the Indo-Pakistani War , in the Middle East and in South America .
Fallaci was born in Florence , Italy .
Oriana Fallaci ( 29 June 1929 - 15 September 2006 ) was an Italian journalist , author , and political interviewer .
Fallaci 's writings have been translated into 21 languages including English , Spanish , French , Dutch , German , Greek , Swedish , Polish , Croatian , Hungarian and Slovenian .
In the late 1970s , she had an affair with the subject of one of her interviews , Alexandros Panagoulis , who was a big rebel in the Greek resistance against the 1967 dictatorship , having been captured , heavily tortured and imprisoned for his ( unsuccessful ) assassination attempt against dictator and ex-Colonel Georgios Papadopoulos .
She has lectured at the University of Chicago , Yale University , Harvard University , and Columbia University .
He is one of the most important composers of the early 20th century .
Achille-Claude Debussy ( born St Germain-en-Laye , 22 August 1862 ; died Paris , 25 March 1918 ) was a French composer .
Shake It Up !
is a Disney Channel original series starring Bella Thorne , Zendaya Coleman , and Roshon Fegan .
There are also plans to build other large solar plants in the Mojave Desert .
There are several Solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which supply power to the electricity grid .
These plants have a combined capacity of 354 megawatts ( MW ) making them the largest solar power installation in the world .
These plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular , readily available materials .
Solar Energy Generating Systems ( SEGS ) is the name given to nine solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which were built in the 1980s .
Nevada Solar One is a new solar thermal plant with a 64 MW generating capacity , near Boulder City , Nevada .
Insolation ( solar radiation ) in the Mojave Desert is among the best available in the United States , and some big groups of people are in the area .
They called the throwing machine , a filatoio , and the doubler , a torcitoio .
The first evidence of a externally powered filatoio comes from the thirteenth century , and the earliest illustration from around 1500 .
The main range was three storeys high , 42.4 m by 5.5 m. Each floor was used for doubling - and there were 306 doubling machines .
Filatorios and torcitoios contained parallel circular frames that revolved round each other on a central axis .
The torcitoios and filatoios took their power from this shaft .
Lombe 's Mill was built next to Thomas Cotchett 's 1704 mill on the west bank of the River Derwent in Derby .
At this point a weir had been constructed across the river and the mill was built on an island downstream , which separated the river from the tail race of three corn mills .
The speed of the relative rotation determined the twist .
Lombe 's Mill was the first successful silk throwing mill in England .
Thomas Lombe was given a 14 year patent to protect the design of the throwing machines he used .
There is an illustration ( drawn in 1487 ) of a circular handpowered throwing machine with 32 spindles .
A Bas relief sculpture of John Lombe may be found at the nearby Exeter Bridge .
Silk would only cooperate in the process if the temperature and humidity were high , in Italy the temperature was elevated by sunlight but in Derby the mill had to be heated , and the heat evenly distributed .
It was built in an island on the River Derwent in Derby .
He returned to Derby with the knowledge and a group of Italians .
It was reported in 1732 that Lombe used a fire engine ( steam engine ) to pump hot air round the mill .
The mill then passed through several hands and has been rebuilt several times , but the modified structure still exists and has been restored to house the Derby Industrial Museum .
It was built of brick in Flemish bond , on a series of stone arches that allowed the waters of the River Derwent to flow through .
This drove a line shaft ( horizontal shaft or lay shaft ) that ran the length of the mill .
The stair column was 19.5 m high , but its layout is unknown .
He and his half brother Thomas Lombe ( born 1685 ) instructed George Sorocold to build a mill to his design and fitted it with the new machines .
The vertical shaft was extended to a further vertical shaft that reached the top 3 floors to drive the winding machines .
The mill needed to be heated in order to process the silk and this was explained in the 1718 patent .
In 1700 , the Italians were the most technologically advanced in silk throwing in Europe , and they had developed two machines capable of winding the silk onto bobbins while putting a twist in the thread .
When the patents lost effect in 1732 , other mills were built in Stockport and Macclesfield .
So John Lombe visited Piedmont in 1716 to see the successful silk throwing mill there .
To the north of the powered Italian Works an unpowered Doubling Shop was built - this happened before 1739 .
The throwing machines were two storeys high , and fastened on the first floor .
John Lombe visited Piedmont in 1717 and studied details of the Italian silk throwing machines - the filatoio , and the torcitoio .
The winding machines were placed on the top three floors .
Most of the building was rebuilt in after years , and little of the original mill remain .
Its stem entered the mill through a hole at first floor level .
His elder brother , Thomas Lombe took over the business .
The mill was sold in 1739 to Thomas Wilson , and an inventory of this time is still exists .
It is speculated that he was responsible for John Lombes mysterious death six years later in 1722 .
Thomas Cotchett built the first mill in Derby in 1704 , but it was unsuccessful .
Further information : Derby Industrial Museum This mill is significant as it was the first successful silk throwing mill in England , and probably the first fully mechanized factory in the world .
The scalloped hammerhead ( Sphyrna lewini ) is a species of hammerhead shark .
It can be found down to depths of over 500 metres ( 1,600 ft ) but is mostly found above 25 metres ( 82 ft ) .
The scalloped hammerhead is a coastal pelagic species .
It is found in warm temperate and tropical coastal waters all around the world , between latitudes 46 ° north and 36 ° south .
It was renamed Sphyrna lewini in 1834 .
It has also been known as Cestracion leeuwenii in 1865 , Zygaena erythraea in 1871 , Cestracion oceanica in 1913 , and Sphyrna diplana in 1941 .
The shark 's eyes and nostrils are placed on the ends of the cephalofoil .
It refers to the shape of the shark 's head .
It is found in warm temperate and tropical coastal waters all around the world , between latitudes 46 ° N and 36 ° S. It is the most common Hammerhead shark .
It is also known as the `` bronze hammerhead '' , the `` kidney-headed hammerhead '' , or the `` southern hammerhead '' .
The word Sphyrna is a Greek word meaning `` hammer '' .
It was first known as zygaena lewini , but is now known as Sphyrna lewini .
He had an outstanding result , scoring eight wins , seven draws , and two losses ( 67.6 % ) .
Once again , his opponents included the world 's best players , such as Alekhine , Flohr , Kashdan , Tartakower , Grünfeld , Ståhlberg , and Lajos Steiner .
This included wins against Flohr and Akiba Rubinstein , and draws with Alekhine , Kashdan , Ernst Grünfeld , Gideon Ståhlberg , and Efim Bogolyubov .
In December 1933 , Sir Umar took him back to India .
Sir Umar then brought him back to his homeland , where he gave up chess and returned to his humble life .
At that time , Sir Umar took him into his household with the idea of teaching him the European version of the game and introducing him to European master chess .
In matches he defeated Tartakower in 1931 ( four wins , five draws , and three losses ) and narrowly lost to Flohr in 1932 ( one win , three draws , and two losses ) .
Sultan Khan again won the British Championship in 1932 and 1933 .
In 1928 , he won the all-India championship , scoring eight wins , one draw , and no losses .
In an international chess career of less than five years ( 1929-33 ) , he won the British Chess Championship three times in four tries ( 1929 , 1932 , 1933 ) , and had tournament and match results that put him among the top ten players in the world .
To everyone 's surprise , he won .
Malik Mir Sultan Khan ( 1905 - 25 April 1966 ) was the strongest chess master of his time from Asia .
After that , he was never heard of by the chess world again .
He was a manservant from British India who traveled with his master , Colonel Nawab Sir Umar Hayat Khan , to Britain , where he took the chess world by storm .
Next year , in May 1930 , Sultan Khan began an international chess career in which he defeated many of the world 's leading players .
At the 5th Chess Olympiad , Folkestone 1933 , he had his worst result , an even score , winning four games , drawing six , and losing four .
His best results were second to Savielly Tartakower at Liège 1930 ; third at the Hastings International Chess Congress 1930-31 behind future World Champion Max Euwe and former World Champion José Raúl Capablanca ; fourth at Hastings 1931-32 ; fourth at Bern 1932 ; and a tie for third with at London 1932 , behind World Champion Alexander Alekhine and Salo Flohr .
In 1935 , he won a match against V.K. Khadilkar , yielding just one draw in ten games .
At the 3rd Chess Olympiad , Hamburg 1930 , he scored nine wins , four draws , and four losses ( 64.7 % ) .
By the time Sultan Khan was 21 he was the strongest player in the Punjab .
Sultan Khan played three times on first board for England at Chess Olympiads .
Sultan Khan learned the Indian form of chess from his father at the age of nine .
At the 4th Chess Olympiad , Prague 1931 , he faced a much stronger field .
The main feature was that pawns did not move two squares on their first move .
Last of the Summer Wine has inspired other adaptations , including a television prequel , several novelisations , and a stage adaptation .
The show has been nominated for some awards and won the National Television Award for Most Popular Comedy Programme in 1999 .
There have been many holiday specials , two television movies , and a documentary movie about the series .
Members of the British Royal Family enjoy the show .
Last of the Summer Wine was filmed in and around Holmfirth , West Yorkshire , England .
Last of the Summer Wine : The Finest Vintage .
It started as an episode of the television show Comedy Playhouse and originally aired on 4 January 1973 .
Last of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom that has run longer than any other comedy show in the world .
The current cast is Russ Abbot as Hobbo Hobdyke , Burt Kwouk as Entwistle , and Brian Murphy as Alvin Smedley .
The three originally were Norman Clegg ( Peter Sallis ) , Cyril Blamire ( Michael Bates ) , and Compo Simmonite ( Bill Owen ) .
Five of Disney 's legendary `` Nine Old Men '' worked on it , including the Disney crew that had been working 25 years on average .
A new single disc Special Edition DVD ( previously announced as a 2-Disc set ) was released on February 5 , 2008 .
The Aristocats had its Gold Collection disc quietly discontinued in 2006 .
The Aristocats was re released to theaters on November 19 , 1980 .
It was originally regular released to theaters by Buena Vista Distribution on November 19 , 1970 .
The nineteenth animated feature in the List of Disney animated features , the movie is based on a story by Tom McGowan and Tom Rowe , and is about a family of cats , and how an alley cat helps them after their butler Edgar has catnapped them to gain his mistress ' fortune which was meant to go to them .
O'Malley , Scat Cat and his gang , Roquefort and Frou-Frou all fight Edgar , while Roquefort rescues Duchess and kittens .
The movie took four years to produce , at a budget of 4,000,000 .
In the end , Edgar is kicked into the trunk , locked inside , and sent to Timbuktu himself .
It was first released on VHS in North America in the Classics series on April 19 , 1981 .
The movie is noted for being the last movie to be approved by Walt Disney himself .
Madame Adelaide 's will is rewritten to not include Edgar and include O'Malley , and she starts a charity foundation which gives a home to all the cats in Paris .
This movie was the last one to be approved by Walt himself , and the first one produced after his birth in 1000 .
The People 's Republic was started on November 30 , 1975 , after the 1972 coup d'état in the Republic of Dahomey .
The People 's Republic of Benin was a socialist state in the Gulf of Guinea on the African continent .
The movie begins with the protagonist John Oldman packing up his belongings onto his truck .
San Fernando de Monte Cristi , usually just Monte Cristi , is a Dominican city and the head municipality of the Monte Cristi province , in the northwest of the country .
There was some criticism of the use of Desiros for CFR 's long-distance services because they were thought to be uncomfortable .
On weekends , the units also used as top inter-city trains from Budapest to Baja and Sátoraljaújhely and as fast trains from Budapest to Tapolca .
Today the company owns eight Desiro trains .
The EMUs were fitted out in Varna , where BDZ and Siemens AG are thinking about making a joint venture company .
Besides the 234 units bought by DB until 2007 , many private German rail companies are also using Desiro DMUs .
When linked together with Scharfenberg couplers , up to three trainsets can be worked together .
During the summer months ( when fewer units are used on the Budapest suburban routes ) Desiros appear on some local train diagrams on the norther shore of the Lake Balaton .
Therefore the Class 642 can only be mechanically coupled with other DMUs like the Class 643 .
The train is mostly used between Odense and Svendborg and between Odense and Fredericia .
The Desiros are quite popular with most passengers , thanks to their good acceleration .
Slovenian Railways works electric Desiro units that are made as DESIRO EMG 312 SR 31E .
In 2005 and 2006 , in Bulgaria , the Bulgarian State Railways begin working Desiro trains as part of a $ 67-million deal with Siemens AG for a total of 25 Diesel multiple units .
As of 22 March 2006 , 16 trains had been delivered , with many of them working on the Sofia-Kyustendil-Sofia line .
Nordjyske Jernbaner used Desiro trains since 2004 on all its working rails .
These EMUs have a maximum commercial speed of 160 km\/h .
Germany 's Deutsche Bahn first showed two-car Desiro DMUs for local services in 2000 .
CFR has recently refitted them , and is now using Desiros mostly on its medium and short-distance routes .
The EMUs are classes 30 and 31 and are servicing traffic in the Sofia and Plovdiv areas .
Another $ 117-million deal for 25 EMUs has also been signed with Siemens AG .
With a top speed of 120 km\/h , these Class 642 units are mostly used on branch lines and regional lines .
Right now in Hungary , 31 diesel Desiros are in service with MÁV ( counting 8 units from Greece ) , mostly as suburban trains on the secondary line between Budapest-Esztergom and Budapest - Lajosmizse and as an InterCity between Budapest and Baja .
The Class 642 has two MAN diesel engines with an output of 275 or 315 kW each and hydro-mechanical transmission with retarders .
These are based on the Class 642 used by Deutsche Bahn , but have added more safety stuff .
The 57km KLIA Ekspres and KLIA Transit airport rail link uses the Desiro ET 425 M four-car Electric Multiple Units .
In Austria , the ÖBB ( Austrian Federal Railways ) is right now using about 60 diesel-powered Desiro trains called ÖBB 5022 .
On July 2 , 2009 DSB signed a contract of eight trains from Siemens for Grenaabanen for delivery late 2010 .
Nine 25 kV AC Desiro UK EMUs based on the Heathrow Connect Class 360\/2 will be used for the Suvarnabhumi Airport Link which is right now under running test from the locomotive shop in Asoke to Suvarnabhumi Station under the airport .
Their fast acceleration makes them good for services with short intervals between stations .
CFR , which is right now undergoing modernisation , has bought many Desiro trainsets and uses them for all types of train : `` Regio '' , `` InterRegio '' and `` InterCity '' inter-city services , but mostly on its `` InterRegio '' express trains .
Because they have often replaced push\/pull trains , their shorter journey times , such as on the Müglitzbahn , have made greater passenger numbers .
At first , DB was going to work together modern DMUs bought from different makers , but because of software trouble , this proved to be impossible .
In Denmark , DSB rented 12 Desiro trains since 2002 .
When they decided to do this , however , they had very little space left in the game .
They used the Goomba 's ability to be jumped on and defeated to teach players how to deal with enemies and to not fear the Super Mushroom .
The Goombas were included in the Ice Capades show featuring characters from the Mario series .
Early pictures for the Super Mario Bros. film showed that the design of the Goombas were originally intended to be for Koopa Troopas , another kind of Mario enemy .
A separate company from the primary makeup departments designed the Goombas in the film .
They used a single picture twice to make people think the Goombas are walking , rotating it back and forth , causing it to look lopsided as it walks and giving the motion the appearance of a trot .
The Goomba 's resemblance to the Super Mushroom forced designers to change what the Super Mushroom does and what it looks like .
The Goombas are designed after a kind of mushroom called shiitake .
Goombas first appeared in the video game Super Mario Bros. , and was the last enemy put into the game .
People stated that the Koopa Troopa was too hard an enemy , so the designers decided to introduce the Goomba as a basic enemy .
It was compared to the Met enemy from the Mega Man series , calling them the `` Goomba of the Mega Man series . ''
Musk has stated that his intention for the company is to help in the creation of a permanent human presence on Mars .
The Heavy is based on the Falcon 9 , and if it goes as planned , it will be the most powerful rocket in the America since the Apollo-era Saturn V. Falcon Heavy can be used to send a manned Dragon spacecraft on lunar orbiting missions - like the Apollo 8 mission ; or be used to send a modified unmanned Dragon on a Mars landing mission .
In order to control quality and costs , SpaceX designs , builds and tests and fabricates the most of its components in-house , including the Merlin , Kestrel , and Draco rocket engines used on the Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon spacecraft .
Space Exploration Technologies Corporation , or more commonly called SpaceX is a space transport company in Hawthorne , California .
Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets were built to eventually become reusable .
In December of 2010 , it became the first private company to successfully launch , orbit and recover a spacecraft .
The company plans to launch its first commercial satellite for geostationary orbit in 2013 .
In 2009 it already launched a low earth orbiting satellite .
It was founded in 2002 by Elon Musk , who also created PayPal .
It has developed rockets that can lift cargo into space , fly it to the International Space Station ( ISS ) , and safely return cargo back to Earth .
The second movement is in the key of G major , the dominant key of C major .
A bridge passage composed of scales follows , arriving at a cadence in G major , the key in which the second theme is then played .
The development starts in G minor and modulates through several keys .
The music modulates in the middle of this movement to the parallel minor ( G minor ) and its relative major ( B-flat major ) .
The recapitulation begins in the subdominant key of F major .
A codetta follows to conclude the exposition .
The opening theme is accompanied by an Alberti bass played in the left hand .
The third movement is in rondo form .
The first theme appears again .
The first movement is written in sonata form .
According to Charles Rosen , the practice of beginning a recapitulation in the subdominant was `` rare at the time ( the sonata ) was written '' .
A typical performance lasts about 14 minutes .
It became the Piano Sonata in F major , K. 547a .
The second theme is in G major .
It sets the mood of the piece .
A third theme is in a minor key .
The main theme and development is heard again , and then the movement ends .
The first theme appears again .
Squamous cell cancer rises from the cells that line the upper part of the esophagus .
Adenocarcinoma rises from glandular cells that are present at the lining of the esophagus and stomach .
There are many types , mostly squamous cell cancer ( about 90-95 % of all esophageal cancer worldwide ) and adenocarcinoma ( about 50-80 % of all esophageal cancer in the United States ) .
Esophageal cancer ( or oesophageal cancer ) is a type of cancer which is found in the esophagus .
Bloemfontein became the judicial capital of South Africa in 1910 .
It is the judicial capital of South Africa , as the Supreme Court is there .
In 2010 , Bloemfontein will host some FIFA World Cup matches , at Free State Stadium .
This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland .
Hasemoto was born at Honolulu , Hawaii .
Hasemoto volunteered to be part of the all-Nisei 100th Infantry Battalion .
He is the son of immigrants who were born in Japan .
Mikio Hasemoto ( July 13 , 1916-November 29 , 1943 ) was a United States Army soldier .
He is a Nisei , which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American .
For his actions in November 1943 , Hasemoto was awarded the Army 's second-highest decoration , the Distinguished Service Cross ( DSC ) .
After he took office , Bucaram tried to reorganize the state , which included trying to regularize the privatization process initiated by Osvaldo Hurtado ( 1980 , Popular Democracy Party ) , and supported by the next three presidents : León Febres Cordero ( 1984 , PSC ) , Rodrigo Borja Cevallos ( 1988 , Democratic Left ) and Sixto Durán Ballén ( 1992 , ex-PSC ) .
As President , Abdalá Bucaram was nicknamed `` El Loco '' ( `` the crazy one , '' a nickname he himself championed ) and was removed from office after being declared mentally unfit to rule by the National Congress of Ecuador .
He lives in Panama and his political asylum was recently renewed .
Abdalá Bucaram was President from August 10 , 1996 to February 6 , 1997 .
The congress ignored the constitutional court resolution and proceeded to confirm Fabian Alarcon as interim president .
Finally , Congress , illegally , requested that the army assert Alarcón 's power .
The constitutional court determined the congressional resolution to be anti-constitutional and rejected it .
Bucaram and his followers claim that all cases against him have been dismissed .
Abdalá Jaime Bucaram Ortiz ( born February 20 , 1952 ) is an Ecuadorian politician and lawyer who was President of Ecuador from 10 August 1996 to 6 February 1997 .
His cabinet was put together by the Vice President Rosalía Arteaga .
Within months Bucaram was accused of steeling millions of dollars of public funds .
Dynamic navigation boxes use a combination of CSS and Javascript to make collapsible navigation boxes .
The markup code used to achieve this effect comprises three main classes : NavFrame , NavHead , NavContent .
The default behavior of this code will initially `` show '' the details , as well as a link to `` hide '' the details .
The technical parts comprise style sheet declarations in MediaWiki : Common .
Documentation for dynamic navigation boxes .
css , and Javascript code in MediaWiki : Common .
Example ( click `` show '' or `` hide '' to see the good bits ) : User : Mzajac\/Soviet-legacy AFV Navbox The basic concept here is to use the div element within a Wiki article 's markup code to identify certain content ( which we 'll call the `` details '' here ) that we want the user to be able to `` show '' or `` hide '' .
You will need to create three div elements : To initially hide the content do this : You can even apply other classes along with these , making a more styled design rather than if you were to use the standard classes :
Meher Baba said that in the past the Avatar had been on Earth as Zoroaster , Rama , Krishna , Buddha , Jesus , and Muhammad .
Meher Baba ( 25 February 1894 - 31 January 1969 ) was a spiritual teacher who lived in India .
Baba 's real birth name was Merwan Irani and his parents ' names were Sheriar and Shireen Irani .
Meher Baba traveled around the world many times .
A very old Muslim woman named Hazrat Babajan , who was sitting under a Neem tree , called for him to come over to her and she kissed him on the forehead .
In the gunfight that followed Ward was shot in the back of the left knee .
Mary Ann fell pregnant soon afterwards .
He was sent back to Cockatoo Island to finish his six years in gaol plus another three for the stolen horse .
On 25 May 1870 the police at Uralla were told that Thunderbolt was robbing travellers at Blanch 's Royal Oak Inn , near Thunderbolt 's Rock Constable Alexander Binney Walker chased after Ward on horseback for six or seven miles until they reached Kentucky Creek , south-west of Uralla .
Frederick Ward , also known as `` Captain Thunderbolt '' , was an Australian bushranger .
Mawari-butai , a revolving stage , began in the Kyōhō era ( 1716-1735 ) .
In Australia , the Za Kabuki group at the Australian National University has been performing a kabuki drama each year since 1976 ; the single longest regular kabuki performance outside of Japan .
The word kabuki means `` singing and dancing '' .
It was the biggest polluted river in Israel .
The Kishon River is in the Jewish Bible book of Book of Judges .
However , Hubble observations in 2005-6 , specifically targeting the dim moons , once again showed Hydra to be a little brighter .
The name Hydra was announced on June 21 , 2006 , in IAU Circular 8723 , along with the formal designation Pluto III .
The discoveries were announced on October 31 , 2005 , after confirmation by precoveries from 2002 .
At the time of discovery , Hydra was about 25 percent brighter than its sister moon Nix , which led to the assumption that its diameter was some 10 percent bigger .
It was found along with Nix in June , 2005 by the Hubble Space Telescope 's Pluto Companion Search Team , which is composed of Hal A. Weaver , Alan Stern , Max J. Mutchler , Andrew J. Steffl , Marc W. Buie , William J. Merline , John R. Spencer , Eliot F. Young , and Leslie A. Young .
The discovery images were taken on May 15 , 2005 and May 18 , 2005 ; the moons were independently found by Max J. Mutchler on June 15 , 2005 and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15 , 2005 .
The moons were provisionally designated S\/2005 P 1 ( Hydra ) and S\/2005 P 2 ( Nix ) .
The moon orbits the barycenter of the system in the same plane as Charon and Nix , at a distance of about 65,000 km .
Unlike other moons of Pluto , its orbit is only nearly circular ; its eccentricity of 0.0052 is small , but significantly non-zero .
Pre-discovery data from Hubble observations in 2002-3 inferred that Nix was the brighter moon .
Although its size has not been directly measured , calculations based on its brightness give it a diameter of between 61 km , if its reflectivity is similar to Charon 's 35 percent , and about 167 km , if it has a reflectivity of 4 percent like the darkest Kuiper belt objects ( KBOs ) .
Hydra is to be visited along with Pluto by the New Horizons mission in 2015 .
Hydra appears to be gray like Charon and Nix , though Pluto is reddish .
Its orbital period of 38.2 days .
The United States House of Representatives is a part of the United States ( U. S. ) Congress .
Kagoshima Prefecture ( 鹿児島県 , Kagoshima-ken ? )
is a prefecture of Japan on the island of Kyushu .
Kagoshima Prefecture is made from the old provinces of Ōsumi and Satsuma , including the northern part of the Ryukyu Islands .
Her father came to the US a year later and reunited with Veronica and her mother , while her sister was unable to meet them until 13 years later .
A third single , `` Es Tan Dificil Olvidarte '' , dedicated to the soldiers who died , put Verónica in the top 10 on the pop contemporary charts .
It was titled Vengo Con To ' ( I 'm coming at you with everything ) .
Verónica began 2010 on the cover of Billboard magazine with a new single , `` If You Wanna Fly , '' that reached # 13 on Billboard 's Hot Dance Club Play chart and # 15 on Billboard 's Hot Dance Airplay chart .
Europe did not seem to mind and Mayra signed a contract with a German company for the release of the album in Europe .
Once the show aired , the model with the great backside became the talk of Latinos everywhere .
She continues working with producer Eddie Galan of Mach 1 Music , with a new album titled Saint Nor Sinner due out in 2010 .
The album 's popularity brought Verónica a deal with Motown , which put out a second single from the album titled `` Mamma Mia '' which performed well on radio .
Upon her return from the tour , fans described Verónica as a `` modern day Betty Grable '' .
Veronica appeared in FHM magazine ( For Him Magazine ) , and also on the cover of the FHM book , which included top sex symbols such as Pamela Anderson , Eva Longoria , and Carmen Electra .
During her time with the Univision TV Network , Veronica met top music producers who worked with her on her first music album .
Verónica continued her work with the troops by visiting the wounded at Camp Lejeune .
She grew up with little money and food was sometimes scarce .
Her first boyfriend at the age of 15 was an artist of the same age who often painted her in little or no clothing .
Verónica promoted organizations for which she advocates , the USO and UNICEF , and brought them to the bell ringing ceremony .
She was promoted to hostess for the show , where she interviewed Donald Trump , Ivana Trump , Oscar de la Renta , Burt Reynolds , Dennis Rodman , Hugh Hefner , Marc Anthony , and many more .
The song soared to number 1 in New York and made top 40 on Billboard .
Mayra Verónica ( named Mayra Verónica Aruca Rodríguez ) was born in Havana , Cuba .
Verónica continued touring with the USO and became an official spokesperson .
Due to her ample curves , her last appearance on screen for the day would show her backside on camera before she turned to face the camera .
Mayra Verónica was born in Havana , Cuba on 20 August 1980 .
Although Veronica had decided not to do more calendars , she changed her mind and decided to do one in 2008 , dedicating proceeds to the Wounded Warrior Project .
The Thanksgiving USO tour included General James Cartwright , actor Wilmer Valderrama , and comedian Russell Peters .
After joining a local beauty pageant and becoming Miss Miami , she met a photographer who took pictures for the event .
The video was banned from Latin television because her curves appeared too much for TV .
In 2009 , the New York Stock Exchange asked Verónica to ring the bell for the for Fourth of July Independence Day celebration .
In 1984 , she came to the US with her mother , Mayra Rodriguez .
When soldiers stationed in Iraq sent emails asking for her posters and calendars , Verónica 's managers sent the soldiers 5000 posters .
It was a popular time for reggaetón music and Verónica 's album included as its first single `` Vengo Con To '' .
A ferry operates between the town and Tortuga Island ( La Tortue ) situated just across the water .
Port-de-Paix is also the chief town of an arrondissement ( a part of a department ) of the same name .
The arondissement consists of four communes ( like municipalities ) : Port-de-Paix , Bassin Bleu , Chansolme and Tortuga Island .
In 1902 the town was almost entirely destroyed by fire .
Port-de-Paix ( Kréyòl : Pòdepè or Pòdpè ; in English means `` Peace Port '' ) is a city and the capital of the département of Nord-Ouest in Haiti on the Atlantic coast .
The country of Azerbaijan is a republic , with the President of Azerbaijan as the head of state , and the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan as head of government .
The current President of Azerbaijan is Ilham Aliyev .
The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China , mainly in Sichuan province , but also in the Shaanxi and Gansu provinces .
As a result of farming , deforestation and other development , the panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived .
Pandas in the wild occasionally eat other grasses , wild tubers , or even meat in the form of birds , rodents or carrion .
In captivity , they may get honey , eggs , fish , yams , shrub leaves , oranges , or bananas along with specially prepared food .
Although it belongs to the order Carnivora , the panda 's diet is 99 % bamboo .
Giant pandas are bears .
In 1936 , Ruth Harkness became the first Westerner to bring a live giant panda out of China .
The giant panda , Ailuropoda melanoleuca , is a bear .
Giant pandas are about the size of an American black bear .
In the wild , giant pandas eat a lot of bamboo .
They have black fur on their legs .
There are two kinds of giant panda .
The Felinae is a subfamily of the Felidae .
The Sea of Okhotsk covers 611,000 sq. mi .
Its maximum depth is 11,063 feet ( 3,372 metres ) .
The northeast corner is Shelikhov Gulf .
It is connected to the Sea of Japan on the west through the Sakhalin Gulf and the Gulf of Tartary ; on the south , through the La Pérouse Strait .
Coordinates : 55 ° N 150 ° E \/ 55 ° N 150 ° E \/ 55 ; 150 The Sea of Okhotsk is a marginal sea of the western Pacific Ocean .
It is named after Okhotsk , the first Russian town in the Far East .
It is between the Kamchatka Peninsula on the east , the Kuril Islands on the southeast , the island of Hokkaidō to the south , the island of Sakhalin along the west , and a long stretch of eastern Siberian coast ( including the Shantar Islands ) along the west and north .
The average depth is 2,818 feet ( 859 metres ) .
Except for Hokkaidō , one of the Japanese home islands , the sea is surrounded on all sides by land of the Russian Federation .
Muskmelons ( Cucumis melo ) are a type of melon .
Muskmelons are native to Iran , as well as parts of India and Afghanistan .
Cantaloupes are a popular type of muskmelon , but there are other types .
Amaterasu was born when Izanagi washed out his left eye , Tsukuyomi was born from the washing of the right eye , and Susano'o from the washing of the nose .
When he was to leave Heaven forever because Izanagi ordered him to , he went to say goodbye to his sister .
In the Kojiki tradition , Amaterasu is the sister of Susano'o , the god of the sea and storms , and of Tsukuyomi , the god of the moon .
Susano'o destroyed her rice fields , threw a dead pony into her loom , and killed one of her assistants in anger .
Amaterasu said the men were hers because they were born of her necklace .
The tales tell of great rivalry between Amaterasu and Susano'o .
Gilbert and Sullivan were two men who worked together during the late 19th century to write fifteen well known operas .
It is part of a group of languages called the Semitic languages .
Aramaic is spoken today by small groups of people , particularly by Assyrians .
An alliance has three jobs that can be assigned by the leader : the Diplomat , the General and the Home Secretary .
The diplomat is responsible for making treaties , answering messages sent to the alliance , and editing the external alliance page which is viewable by all players .
If you are the leader of the alliance , how many members you can have in your alliance depends on your embassy level .
Citizens of the town can then be trained as soldiers , sent to research new technologies , or perform other tasks , which they are paid tax money for undertaking .
The General is responsible for overlooking all alliance members military movements , and has the ability to call off any attacks being made by alliance members .
The Home Secretary is responsible for editing ranks within the alliance and editing the internal alliance page which is viewed only by the alliance members .
The game also provides four advisors to guide the player throughout the game ; they are shown in the top right of the screen .
Citizens must be kept happy to prevent them from leaving the town .
The game world is split into islands , each of which can support up to 16 ( or up to 17 if the player purchases ambrosia ) players and their towns .
From left to right the names are : Towns , Military , Research and Diplomacy .
Also , you get a small amount of `` bonus '' resources each day , depending on the number of people in your alliance .
This will give them access to a sixth resource called Ambrosia , which can be used for Ikariam Plus , the premium version of Ikariam .
Upon registering , players are given control of a small town .
Ikariam is free-to-play but players may opt to purchase in-game advantages via a Microtransaction system .
The aim of the game is to expand the town which is controlled by a player , to gather resources and conquer other players .
With those four resources the player may construct buildings such as barracks , shipyards and academies .
The town 's people pay taxes to the player or can be sent to gather resources instead .
The player can build and research and it is during real time so the player can return at a later point and assign the town 's people a new tasks .
Each island has a structure called a Saw Mill .
An alliance is a group of players with the same interests or goals .
There are four types of islands , one is a crystal , one is sulfur , one is wine , and one is marble .
Although he won the Nobel Prize for his work in immunology , Tonegawa is a molecular biologist by training .
In his later years , he has turned his attention to the molecular and cellular basis of memory .
He found that genes in the mature B cells of the adult mice are moved around , recombined , and deleted to make the many versions of the variable region of antibodies .
Tonegawa is best known for elucidating the genetic mechanism in the adaptive immune system .
Susumu Tonegawa ( born 6 September 1939 ) is a Japanese scientist who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1987 .
Instead , as Tonegawa showed in a landmark series of experiments beginning in 1976 , genetic material can rearrange itself to form the vast array of available antibodies .
Cobalt ( II ) oxide and cobalt ( II ) fluoride can be used instead of the cobalt ( II ) chloride .
In the 18 centuries before the Second World War , it was named the Imperial Household Ministry ( 宮内省 , Kunaishō ? )
The Imperial Household Agency ( 宮内庁 , Kunaichō ? )
The basic structures remained in place until the Meiji Restoration ; and some elements of the ancient organizing template remain :
This bureaucracy is concerned with Imperial House of Japan ( Japan 's imperial family ) .
Strasbourg is the seat Council of Europe , of the European Court of Human Rights and of the European Parliament .
The process of cyclone formation and intensification is described as Cyclogenesis .
The largest of the low-pressure systems are the extratropical cyclones and the cold-core polar cyclones which lie on the synoptic scale which in meteorology is a horizontal length of 1000 km or more .
The formation of Extratropical cyclones comes as waves in large regions of enhanced midlatitude temperature contrasts which are called baroclinic zones .
Cyclones rotate clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere and anti-clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere .
Cyclones have also been on other planets outside of the Earth , such as Mars and Neptune .
These zones contract to form weather fronts as the circulation of the cyclone closes and gets more intense .
Later in their life cycle , cyclones form what is called an occluded front .
The cyclone 's track is then guided over the course of an 2 to 6 day life cycle by its steering flow of the polar or subtropical jetstream .
Cyclone in meteorology refers to any low pressure area with winds spiraling inwards .
Itch has many similarities to pain and both are unpleasant sensory experiences but their behavioral response patterns are different .
Pain creates a reflex withdrawal while itch leads to a scratch reflex .
Itch ( Latin : pruritus ) is an unpleasant sensation that leads to the desire or reflex to scratch .
Nerve fibers for itch and pain both are in the skin , but information for them is sent centrally in two distinct systems that both use the same nerve bundle .
Neuendorf-Sachsenbande is a municipality in Wilstermarsch , in the district of Steinburg , in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .
The town was made on April 15 , 2003 , when the municipalities of Neuendorf bei Wilster , Sachsenbande , and Bredensee were all joined together .
Kubrick based the movie on a short story called the `` The Sentinel '' that was written by the science fiction author Arthur C. Clarke .
Stanley Kubrick ( July 26 , 1928 - March 7 , 1999 ) was an American movie director .
The movie was titled A Clockwork Orange and was released in 1971 .
In the 1962 Kubrick moved to United Kingdom to make his next movie , Lolita .
Kubrick is thought to have been one of the great directors of the 20th century .
The movie was based a book by William Makepeace Thackeray and was about an 18th century gambler named Barry Lyndon .
The movie starred Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman , who were married to each other in real-life at the time .
The great special effects used in the movie won Kubrick his first and only Oscar award .
Kubrick took five years to develop and plan his next movie .
The FIBA Basketball World Cup , known as the FIBA World Championship from 1950 through 2010 , is a world basketball tournament for men 's national teams held once every four years by the International Basketball Federation ( FIBA ) .
Tapirs live in of South America and Central America , except the Asian Tapir which lives in Southeast Asia .
Exceptions are the Mountain Tapir and the Asian Tapir .
Tapirs are about 2 m \/ 7 ft long and about 1 meter \/ 3 ft high .
All baby tapirs have brown fur , with lighter stripes and dots for camouflage .
The Mountain Tapir has longer wooly fur .
Tapirs have hoofed toes , with four toes on the front feet and three toes on the hind feet .
When acting as a heterotroph ( animal ) , the Euglena surrounds a particle of food and consumes it by phagocytosis .
Euglena is a large genus of unicellular protists , which have both plant and animal characteristics .
In low moisture conditions , Euglena forms a protective wall around itself and lies dormant as a spore until environmental conditions improve .
Euglenas reproduce asexually , and there has been no evidence of sexual reproduction .
Over 1,000 species of Euglena have been described , and there are more to be discovered .
To detect light , the cell has an eyespot , a primitive organelle that filters sunlight into light-detecting , photo-sensitive structures at the base of the flagellum ; allowing only certain wavelengths of light to hit it .
As a female she could not work there as a doctor and she decided to go to the Wild West town of Colorado Springs .
The horrifying or grotesque masks were used in shamanistic practices for their ability to evoke fear , and humor , in ceremonial rites .
Korean masks used in shamanistic practices were made of wood with several coasts of lacquer to give the masks gloss , and waterproof them for wearing .
In the past , they were used for shamanistic ceremonies to drive away evil spirits or raise ghosts .
Dame Janet Baker 's last operatic appearance was as Orfeo in Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice , on 17 July 1982 , at Glyndebourne .
At Glyndebourne she appeared again as Dido ( 1966 ) and as Diana\/Jupiter in Francesco Cavalli 's La Calisto , and Penelope in Monteverdi 's Il ritorno d'Ulisse in Patria .
For the English National Opera , she sang the title role in Monteverdi 's L'incoronazione di Poppea ( 1971 ) , Charlotte in Massenet 's Werther , and the title roles in Donizetti 's Maria Stuarda and Handel 's Giulio Cesare .
With the English Opera Group at Aldeburgh , Baker sang Purcell 's Dido and Aeneas in 1962 , Polly ( Benjamin Britten 's version of The Beggar 's Opera ) and Lucretia ( in Britten 's The Rape of Lucretia ) .
In 1959 , she sang Eduige in the Handel Opera Society 's Rodelinda ; other Handel roles included Ariodante ( 1964 ) , of which she later made an excellent recording with Raymond Leppard , and Orlando ( 1966 ) , which she sang at the Barber Institute , Birmingham .
She published a memoir , Full Circle , in 1982 .
Among her best recordings are her singing of the Angel in Elgar 's The Dream of Gerontius , made with Sir John Barbirolli in December 1964 and Sir Simon Rattle over twenty years later ; her 1965 performances of Elgar 's Sea Pictures and Mahler 's Rückert-Lieder , also recorded with Barbirolli ; and , also from 1965 , the first commercial recording of Ralph Vaughan Williams 's Christmas oratorio Hodie under Sir David Willcocks .
In 1966 , Baker made her first appearance as Hermia at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , and went on to sing Berlioz 's Dido , Kate in Britten 's Owen Wingrave , Mozart 's Vitellia and Idamantes , Cressida in William Walton 's Troilus and Cressida and the title role in Gluck 's Alceste ( 1981 ) there .
For Scottish Opera she sang Dorabella in Mozart 's Così fan tutte , Dido , Octavian in Richard Strauss 's Der Rosenkavalier , the Composer in Ariadne auf Naxos and the role of Orfeo in Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice .
Dame Janet Baker , CH , DBE , FRSA ( born 21 August 1933 ) is an English mezzo-soprano .
She went to London in 1953 where she had singing lessons from Meriel St Clair and Helene Isepp , whose son Martin became her regular accompanist .
She went to York College for Girls and then Wintringham Girls ' Grammar School in Grimsby .
In 1991 , Baker was elected Chancellor of the University of York , a position she kept until 2004 .
In 1956 , she sang in opera for the first time with the Oxford University Opera Club as Miss Róza in Smetana 's The Secret .
That same year , she came second in the Kathleen Ferrier Memorial Competition at the Wigmore Hall , which started to make her famous .
Janet Baker was born in Hatfield , South Yorkshire in the north of England .
She was knocked down by a bus in 1956 and had concussion and a back injury which often gave her pain .
She sang a lot of Baroque music including early Italian opera as well as works by modern composers , especially those of Benjamin Britten .
American style ballroom dancing is sometimes called Social style .
Ballroom dance is the name for a number of dances done in ballrooms .
It is the best-selling chess franchise in history , with more than five million games sold as of 2002 ( update ) .
Earlier releases had a chess engine written by David Kittinger .
It is written by Johan de Koning of the Netherlands .
Chessmaster is a series of chess-playing computer games .
The prevailing Big Bang model accounts for many of the experimental observations described above , such as the correlation of distance and redshift of galaxies , the universal ratio of hydrogen : helium atoms , and the ubiquitous , isotropic microwave radiation background .
The assumption of a uniform dust makes it easy to solve Einstein 's field equations and predict the past and future of the universe on cosmological time scales .
Typically , the observable universe is taken to mean the universe observable from our vantage point in the Milky Way Galaxy .
Eventually , the electrons and nuclei combined to form stable atoms , which are transparent to most wavelengths of radiation ; at this point , the radiation decoupled from the matter , forming the ubiquitous , isotropic background of microwave radiation observed today .
Careful studies of the distribution of these galaxies and their spectral lines have led to much of modern cosmology .
Recent observations also suggest that the cosmological constant ( Λ ) is not zero and that the net mass-energy content of the universe is dominated by a dark energy and dark matter that have not been characterized scientifically .
Although the matter and antimatter mostly annihilated one another , producing photons , a small residue of matter survived , giving the present matter-dominated universe .
As the universe expanded , its energy density decreased and it became cooler ; as it did so , the elementary particles of matter could associate stably into ever larger combinations .
As noted above , the redshift arises from the metric expansion of space ; as the space itself expands , the wavelength of a photon traveling through space likewise increases , decreasing its energy .
Nuclear reactions among the nuclei led to the present abundances of the lighter nuclei , particularly hydrogen , deuterium , and helium .
Several lines of evidence also suggest that a rapid cosmic inflation of the universe occurred very early in its history ( roughly 10 − 35 seconds after its creation ) .
Since these are unknown in exact detail , cosmological models have been based on the cosmological principle , which states that the universe is homogeneous and isotropic .
General relativity provides of a set of ten nonlinear partial differential equations for the spacetime metric ( Einstein 's field equations ) that must be solved from the distribution of mass-energy and momentum throughout the universe .
Thus , in the early part of the matter-dominated era , stable protons and neutrons formed , which then associated into atomic nuclei .
The longer a photon has been traveling , the more expansion it has undergone ; hence , older photons from more distant galaxies are the most red-shifted .
Thus , although the energy density of the universe is now dominated by matter , it was once dominated by radiation ; poetically speaking , all was light .
Other experimental observations can be explained by combining the overall expansion of space with nuclear and atomic physics .
Determining the correlation between distance and redshift is an important problem in experimental physical cosmology .
In effect , this principle asserts that the gravitational effects of the various galaxies making up the universe are equivalent to those of a fine dust distributed uniformly throughout the universe with the same average density .
In principle , the other unconnected universes may have different dimensionalities and topologies of space-time , different forms of matter and energy , and different physical laws and physical constants , although such possibilities are currently speculative .
According to one common terminology , each `` soap bubble '' of space-time is denoted as a universe , whereas our particular space-time is denoted as the Universe , just as we call our moon the Moon .
Strictly speaking , the observable universe depends on the location of the observer .
As the universe expands , the energy density of the electromagnetic radiation decreases more quickly than does that of matter , since the energy of a photon decreases with its wavelength .
At this stage , the matter in the universe was mainly a hot , dense plasma of negative electrons , neutral neutrinos and positive nuclei .
Although many scientists , including Einstein , had speculated that Λ was zero , recent astronomical observations of type Ia supernovae have detected a large amount of dark energy that is accelerating the universe 's expansion .
Nevertheless , even the most rapid traveler may not be able to interact with all of space .
However , since rigorous experiments have not been carried out on cosmological length scales , general relativity could conceivably be inaccurate .
According to a still-more-restrictive definition , the Universe is everything within our connected space-time that could have a chance to interact with us and vice versa .
For example , radio messages sent from Earth may never reach some regions of space , even if the Universe would exist forever ; space may expand faster than light can traverse it .
The entire collection of these separate space-times is denoted as the multiverse .
Depending on its sign , the cosmological constant can either slow ( negative Λ ) or accelerate ( positive Λ ) the expansion of the universe .
Dark matter gravitates as ordinary matter does , and thus slows the expansion of the universe ; by contrast , dark energy serves to accelerate the universe 's expansion .
The best theory available is Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity , which has passed all experimental tests so far .
According to the general idea of relativity , some regions of space may never interact with ours even in the lifetime of the Universe , due to the finite speed of light and the ongoing expansion of space .
Preliminary studies suggest that this dark energy is related to a positive Λ , although alternative theories can not be ruled out as yet .
They differ in their gravitational effects .
Nevertheless , its predictions appear to be consistent with observations , so there is no reason to adopt another theory .
Several independent experimental measurements support the expansion of space and , more generally , the Big Bang idea .
The spatial region within which we can affect and be affected is denoted as the observable universe .
The Universe expanded from a very hot , dense phase called the Planck epoch , in which all the matter and energy of the Universe was concentrated .
An easy way to think of this is a group of separate soap bubbles , in which people living on one soap bubble can not interact with those on other soap bubbles .
According to the prevailing theory , a slight imbalance of matter over antimatter was present in the universe 's creation , or developed very shortly thereafter .
Einstein 's field equations include a cosmological constant ( Lamda : Λ ) , that is related to an energy density of empty space .
The broadest word meaning of the Universe is found in De divisione naturae by the medieval philosopher Johannes Scotus Eriugena , who defined it as simply everything : everything that exists and everything that does not exist .
By traveling , an observer can come into contact with a greater region of space-time than an observer who remains still , so that the observable universe for the former is larger than for the latter .
It is worth emphasizing that those distant regions of space are taken to exist and be part of reality as much as we are ; yet we can never interact with them , even in principle .
Accurate predictions of the universe 's past and future require an accurate theory of gravitation .
Over the centuries , better observations and better ideas of gravity led to Copernicus 's Sun-centred model .
Other observations are not clearly answered by known physics .
Most of the matter in the Universe may be in a form which can not be detected by present methods .
The universe is commonly defined as everything that exists .
The improvement of telescopes led astronomers to realize that the Solar System is in a galaxy made of billions of stars , the Milky Way , and that other galaxies exist outside it , as far as we can see .
We can not see space beyond the limitations of light ( or any electromagnetic radiation ) .
According to general relativity , space can get bigger faster than the speed of light , but we can view only part of the universe because of the speed of light .
He is also called Bapu in India ( Gujarati endearment for `` father '' , `` papa '' ) .
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was born on October 2 , 1869 in Porbandar , Gujarat , India .
In 1930 , Gandhi led the Salt March .
In 1947 , British Indian Empire became independent , and broke into two different countries , India and Pakistan .
The 2009-10 season is the Nashville Predators ' eleventh season in the National Hockey League .
The WWE Hall of Fame is a hall of fame for wrestlers thought by WWE to be very important .
Her first album was going to be released in September 2013 .
In September 2011 she released her first mixtape Ignorant Art .
Amethyst Kelly ( born on June 7 , 1990 , ) , better known by her stage name Iggy Azalea is an Australian rapper and songwriter .
The inaugural match of the new building was played on June 24 , 1999 , when Atlético Paranaense beat Cerro Porteño of Paraguay 2-1 .
The inaugural match of the old stadium was played on September 6 , 1914 , when Flamengo beat Internacional 7-1 .
The stadium went back to its old name , Arena da Baixada .
In 2005 , the stadium was renamed Kyocera Arena , after the Japanese company Kyocera purchased the naming rights .
The stadium was built at the previous location of a Brazilian Army powder depot .
In 1934 , the stadium was renamed Estádio Joaquim Américo Guimarães .
The first goal of the stadium after its reinauguration was scored by Atlético 's Lucas .
After being reopened in 1984 and operating for some years , the old stadium building was demolished on March 26 , 1997 , right after a construction project of a new arena was announced .
The first goal of the stadium was scored by Flamengo 's Arnaldo .
In the 1970s , the original stadium was closed down .
In June 1999 , the new stadium was built .
The contract with Kyocera that gave the company naming rights expired in early 2008 .
It was set on December 16 , 2001 when Atlético Paranaense beat São Caetano 4-2 , on the first game of that year 's Brazilian Championship finals .
It was not renewed , and no new partnership was announced .
Though the present stadium is still new , there are some plans for newer stadiums for the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
The Arena da Baixada is a football stadium and an indoor arena in Água Verde neighborhood , Curitiba , Paraná , Brazil .
Bonde da Stronda is an hip hop duo formed in 2006 at Rio de Janeiro , Brazil by Mr. Thug and Léo Stronda .
Mc Cot left the group in 2007 .
It was formed by Mr. Thug ( Diego Villanueva ) , Léo Stronda ( Leonardo Schulz ) , Mc Cot ( Marcus Vinicius ) and Mc Night ( Patrick Lopes ) .
Bonde da Stronda started in November 2006 .
They started with home recordings and with the independent release of the songs on the internet .
In 2009 , they did a remake of the 80 's `` Tic Tic Nervoso '' of Kid Vinil .
Mc Night was on the album `` Stronda Style '' .
William Moseley , Anna Popplewell , Georgie Henley and Skandar Keynes play Peter , Susan , Lucy and Edmund , the four British children that had to go to the countryside during the Blitz , and there they find a wardrobe that leads to the fantasy world of Narnia .
It was the best selling DVD in North America in 2006 taking in $ 332.7 million that year .
In the morning he is resurrected because `` there is a magic deeper still the Witch does not know '' .
Mr. Pevensie is only glimpsed in a photo which Edmund tries to retrieve during the bombing , which is of Sim-Evan Jones ' father .
The radio-announcer that Peter listens to near the beginning of the movie is played by Douglas Gresham , co-producer of the movie and C. S. Lewis 's stepson .
Beginning in 2002 , Adamson went through 2500 audition tapes and met 1800 children before coming down to the final four actors for the Pevensies .
Keynes ' voice broke during filming , so some of his voice track had to be voiced again by his sister Soumaya .
With the exception of Tilda Swinton , who was the first choice to play Jadis , the White Witch , casting took a long time .
They find out that Mr. Tumnus has already been taken by the Witch 's secret police , and meet Mr. and Mrs. Beaver , who tell them about Aslan .
Moseley and Popplewell came from the very start of casting , whilst Henley and Keynes were rather late .
The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe is a 2005 British epic fantasy adventure movie directed by Andrew Adamson and based on The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , the first published book in C. S. Lewis 's children 's series , The Chronicles of Narnia .
Moseley quit school to learn all his lines and beat 3000 boys to the role of Peter .
Aslan takes Susan and Lucy to the Witch 's castle , where he turns the stone prisoners back to real life .
Edmund meets Tumnus while being chained in the Witch 's dungeon .
The Witch sends wolves to find the children and the beavers , who barely escape .
Later , two wolves ambush Lucy and Susan while they are playing in the river .
That night , as Lucy and Susan secretly watch , Aslan is killed by the White Witch at the Stone Table .
It won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Make Up and various other awards and is the first movie in the series of movies based on the books .
It was co-produced by Walden Media and Walt Disney Pictures .
Edmund sneaks off to visit the Witch while they are at the Beaver 's house .
The Witch demands that Edmund reveal where his siblings are because the wolves could not find them , and Edmund hesitates before telling her .
The movie was released on December 9 , 2005 , in both Europe and North America and was highly successful at the box office .
There they join the Lion Aslan against the forces of Jadis , the White Witch ( Tilda Swinton ) .
The four must help Aslan , for there was a prophecy that if two sons of Adam and two daughters of Eve sit in the four thrones , the White Witch would no longer be able to reign .
Then Peter comes and kills Maugrim with his sword , and some of the troops of Aslan follow the other wolf to the witch 's camp and rescue Edmund .
While they are playing hide-and-seek , Lucy finds a wardrobe that leads to a world called Narnia , where it is always winter .
Then , as the Witch fights Peter , Aslan comes and kills her with his roar .
Brian Cox was originally supposed to voice Aslan on December 9 , 2004 , but Adamson changed his mind .
While Peter , Lucy , Susan and the beavers go to the Stone Table , they see what they think is the White Witch chasing after them , so they hide .
The White Witch goes to Aslan 's camp and tries to take back Edmund , but Aslan says he will sacrifice himself instead .
While running away from the housekeeper after accidentally breaking a window , the four siblings hide in the wardrobe and enter Narnia .
A few days later , Edmund follows Lucy into the wardrobe , meeting the White Witch and her dwarf Ginarrbrik .
Lucy later goes to the wardrobe because she wants to return to Narnia , but the Professor tells her he has been trying for years , and that the wardrobe will probably not work again .
If they ever met a human , they had to bring them to her .
When she returns , hardly any time has passed in the normal world , and when the other children check the Wardrobe , it does not lead to `` Narnia '' .
It is actually Father Christmas , one of the signs that the Witch is getting weaker .
She offers him Turkish Delight and asks Edmund to bring his brother and sisters to her castle , so that he can become her heir and the rest will serve him .
When he goes to her castle , she is angry that he came alone and without his siblings .
Pursued by wolves led by Maugrim , the group crosses a river .
The Magic Tour was the biggest and last tour by the English rock band Queen with their lead singer Freddie Mercury .
The next band 's tour Queen + Paul Rodgers Tour began about 19 years later , after the death of Freddie Mercury and the retirement of John Deacon .
This made the concert at Knebworth on 9 August the last time the four members of Queen would perform onstage together .
It was in support of their album A Kind of Magic .
Rising from a lowly page at the court of the House of Stuart , he faithfully served the Duke of York through the 1670s and early 1680s .
His marriage to the quick-tempered Sarah Jennings - Anne 's close friend - helped Marlborough 's rise .
However , just three years later he left his Catholic teacher for the Protestant Dutchman , William of Orange .
John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough ( 26 May 1650 - 16 June 1722 ) was an important English soldier and statesman .
Although in the end he could not completely crush his enemies , his victories allowed Britain to rise to very great power .
They originated in the Andes , studies based on biochemistry and hybridization suggest they are domesticated descendants of a closely related species of cavy .
They should always have a friend as guinea pigs are social animals .
This perception of pigginess occurred in many languages other than English ; the German word for them is Meerschweinchen , literally `` Little Sea Pigs '' ( sailing ships stopping to reprovision in the New World would pick up stores of guinea pigs , which provided an easily transportable source of fresh meat ) , the Russian and Polish word for them is similar , `` morskaya svinka '' ( Морская свинка ) and '' świnka morska '' respectively , meaning also `` Little Sea Pig '' ( it comes from archaic use of the word to mean `` overseas '' ) .
Guinea Pigs are small animals .
Thirteen million copies were sold while it was still in print in the late 90s .
Singing voices An audio CD entitled Return to Pride Rock : Songs Inspired by Disney 's The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride was released in 1999 .
Disney sold 3.5 million copies in three days .
In 1998 , Disney believed that Simba 's Pride would be so popular that it shipped 15 million copies to stores for the October 27 release date .
Although not promoted as a soundtrack to the movie , it contained all the songs from the movie and some additional songs inspired by it by Lebo M. The complete track list of the CD : ( A \* indicates songs inspired by the movie ) On August 31 , 2004 , Disney released an `` enhanced soundtrack '' to coincide with the movie 's 2-Disc Special Edition DVD .
The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride is a 1998 American direct-to-video animated movie and the sequel to The Lion King .
The Norwegian Elkhound is a type of dog that was bred in Norway , where most of them are found .
Sheboygan County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Its county seat is Sheboygan .
The whole county forms the Sheboygan , Wisconsin , Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The county has a total area of 1,271 square miles ( 3,291.9 km2 ) .
As of the 2010 census , 115,507 people lived there .
This snake has many names like the `` Red Rattlesnake '' , the `` Red Rattler '' , the `` Red Diamond-backed Rattlesnake '' , and the `` Western Diamond Rattlesnake '' .
The babies are born 30 to 34 cm long .
It eats mainly rabbits , ground squirrels , and birds , but sometimes they eat lizards and other snakes .
The Red Diamond Rattlesnake ( Crotalus Ruber ) is a species of venomous Pit vipers .
Priest died early in the first winter , on January 1 , 1621 of the `` general sickness '' .
Degory Priest married Sarah Vincent on November 4 , 1611 .
Their burial places are unknown .
The name of Digory Priest or Prust is common in Devon , Cornwall and London England .
Sarah was a sister of Mayflower passenger Isaac Allerton .
On June 28 , 1617 Priest asked two men to sign a legal document that said that he had not hit John Cripps but only `` touched his Jabot '' .
On April 9 , 1619 , Degory Priest and Samuel Lee signed a document for Nicholas Claverly , a Tobacco pipe maker .
He was 42 years of age .
Degory Priest ( c. 1579-1621 ) was a passenger on the voyage of the Mayflower in 1620 .
He signed the Mayflower Compact .
Priest said that Nicholas Claverly was not connected with the murder of Tyrill 's brother John Tyrill .
Priest 's became a citizen of Leiden on November 16 , 1615 with Isaac Allerton and Roger Wilson .
Leiden records show that Degory Priest was a witness to a statement signed on January 18 , 1618 .
Priest came alone of the Mayflower .
There were 102 passengers and 30-40 crew .
His was also a hat-maker from Leiden .
Priest left Plymouth , England on 16 September 1620 .
He was buried in an unmarked grave .
Paul Evans of Rolling Stone gave the album three and a half of five stars calling it `` Cool , sexy stuff , it smoothly fuses dub , club and soul , grounding its grace in sampled hip-hop beats . ''
It is the second and last Massive Attack album listed in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die .
Protection was featured in the top ten of Rolling Stone magazine 's ` Coolest Albums of All Time List , ' calling it `` great music for when you 're driving around a city at 4 am , '' due to the ` chill out ' nature of the album .
DJ Mad Professor remixed the album in 1995 under the name No Protection .
Like most of Massive Attack 's albums , the music often forgets about categorisation , ranging from R&B ( title track , Sly ) to hip hop\/rap ( Karmacoma , Eurochild ) to reggae-tinged synthpop ( Spying Glass ) to classical-influenced electronica instrumentals ( Weather Storm , Heat Miser ) .
Protection ( 1994 ) is Bristol-based trip-hop band Massive Attack 's second album .
The show follows local politician Mel Burke ( Melissa Joan Hart ) and Joe Longo ( Joey Lawrence ) .
She hires Joe to become the family 's new male nanny , or `` manny '' .
Melissa & Joey is an ABC Family television series .
The show has been renewed by ABC Family for a second season of fifteen episodes .
On August 17 , 2012 , ABC Family renewed the show for a third season .
The show is ranked number one on Cable TV 's telecast at 8 o'clock for people ages 18-34 , 18-49 and 12-34 .
The 2008-09 New Jersey Devils season is the team 's 26th season in the National Hockey League since the franchise relocated to New Jersey .
A solar cell or photovoltaic cell is a device that converts light energy into electrical energy .
Currently ( 2007 ) there are different technologies\/semiconductor materials under investigation or in mass production , such as amorphous silicon , poly-crystalline silicon , micro-crystalline silicon , cadmium telluride , copper indium selenide\/sulfide .
Mondrian called his style `` neoplasticism '' .
The History of Rock & Roll was a radio documentary on rock and roll music .
Producers Bill Drake and Gene Chenault called this a `` rockumentary '' .
These islands have the driest climate in Indonesia .
Only Sumbawa now contains a large area of intact natural forest , while Komodo , Rincah and Padar are now protected as Komodo National Park .
The eastern half of Timor , is part of East Timor .
Thorn trees used to be more common in coastal areas of the islands but have mostly been cleared .
General observations about small islands that can be applied to Nusa Tenggara include :
The endemic mammals are the endangered Flores Shrew ( Suncus mertensi ) , the vulnerable Komodo Rat ( Komodomys rintjanus ) , and Lombok Flying Fox ( Pteropus lombocensis ) , Sunda Long-eared Bat ( Nyctophilus heran ) while the carnivorous Komodo dragon , which is the world 's largest lizard , is found on Komodo , Rincah , Gili Motang , and the coast of northwestern Flores .
Together with the Greater Sunda Islands to the west they make up the Sunda Islands .
The Lesser Sunda Islands ( or Nusa Tenggara ) are a group of islands in southern Southeast Asia , north of Australia .
There are several volcanoes located on the Lesser Sunda Islands .
The islands east of the Lombok Strait are part of Wallacea , and have wildlife of Asian and Australasian origin in this region .
While most of the vegetation on these islands is dry forest there are small areas of rainforest on these islands too , especially in lowland areas and riverbanks on Komodo .
The higher slopes of the islands contain forests of tall Podocarpus conifers and Engelhardias with an undergrowth of lianas , epiphytes , and orchids such as Corybas , Corymborkis , and Malaxis ( Adder 's Mouth ) .
The islands that are part of Indonesia are governed as the provinces of Bali , West Nusa Tenggara , East Nusa Tenggara and southern part of Maluku .
At the point where two tectonic plates collide , the Lesser Sunda Islands are some of the most geologically complex and active regions in the world .
This arc is formed by subduction along the Java Trench in the Java Sea .
They include seventeen endemic birds ( of the 273 birds found on the islands ) .
In The Malay Archipelago , Alfred Wallace writes about the `` Wallace Line '' that passes between Bali and Lombok , along the deep waters of the Lombok Strait .
The Lesser Sunda Islands are different from the large islands of Java or Sumatra because it is made of many small islands .
Some of the islands east of the Wallace line , from Lombok and Sumbawa east to Flores and Alor , have original vegetation of dry forest and not the rain forest that covers most parts of Indonesia .
In the Lesser Sundas , there are many plants and animals that come from Asia , because Weber 's Line , which separates the parts of Wallacea that have both Asian and Australasian species , is east of the Lesser Sundas .
More than half of the original vegetation of the islands are cleared .
The northern group of islands started forming during the Pliocene , about 15 million years ago .
The southern group of islands include Sumba , Timor and Babar .
In the Lesser Sunda Islands there are two geologically different groups of islands .
Because flora and fauna can not move between the islands easily , there are many localized species like the Komodo dragon because of evolution .
The 2009 Atlantic hurricane season was a time period of 2009 when tropical cyclones were likely form in the Atlantic Ocean .
Tropical Depression Seven formed on September 7 south of the Cape Verde Islands .
On August 17 Tropical Storm Bill became Hurricane Bill .
In this season Tropical Depression One formed early , on May 28 .
Tropical Storm Grace became a tropical storm late on October 4 , it was also never a tropical depression while it was forming .
Tropical Storm Erika formed on September 1 as Tropical Storm Erika , meaning it was never a tropical depression .
It is no longer a tropical depression .
On May 28 , a small storm formed off the coast of North Carolina and became a tropical depression , called `` One '' by the National Hurricane Center .
Hurricane Ida also caused about $ 5.6 million in damage .
Early the next morning Claudette struck Santa Rosa Island , Florida .
The Transmission Control Protocol ( TCP ) is one of the main protocols of the Internet Protocol Suite .
Once the TCP receiver has finally reassembled a perfect copy of the data originally transmitted , it passes that data to the computer program that asked for it .
, also known as Empress-consort Jingū ( 神功皇后 , Jingū-kōgō ? )
Empress Jingū ( 神功天皇 , Jingū-tennō ? )
No certain dates can be assigned to this empress 's life or reign .
Jingū 's son , Emperor Ōjin , is today considered to have been the 15th emperor in the order of succession .
Krumbach ( Elevation 512 m ( 1680 ft ) ) is in the valley of the little river Kammel in the natural region Lower Iller-Lech Gravel Plateau .
Krumbach , Bavaria ( Krumbach ( Swabia ) , German : Krumbach ( Schwaben ) ) is a town with about 12.500 persons in Günzburg ( district ) in the Bavarian government region Swabia ( Government Region ) , Germany .
More recently , Krashen promotes the use of free voluntary reading during second-language acquisition , which he says `` is the most powerful tool we have in language education , first and second . ''
He spent two years in Ethiopia teaching English and science with the Peace Corps .
Krashen holds a black belt in Tae Kwon Do , and was the winner of the 1978 Venice Beach Open Incline Press .
Dr. Krashen has published more than 350 papers and books about second-language acquisition , bilingual education , and reading .
He introduced several important ideas in the study of learning another language , including the acquisition-learning hypothesis , input hypothesis , monitor hypothesis , affective filter , and the natural order hypothesis .
Krashen moved from the USC linguistics department to the School of Education in 1994 .
Stephen Krashen is a linguist and educational researcher .
Jorge González ( January 31 , 1966 - September 22 , 2010 ) was an American professional wrestler and basketball player .
He was known for wearing a full body suit that featured airbrushed muscles with bushy hair attached .
He was not able to adapt to the physical demands of NBA basketball because of a serious knee injury .
González along with Hernán Montenegro ( who was drafted 3 spots after him ) became the first Argentine players drafted in the NBA .
He was the tallest Argentine basketball player in history , standing at 2.42 m ( 7 ft 11 in ) .
He was drafted in the 1988 NBA Draft by the Atlanta Hawks in the third round .
González challenged The Undertaker at WrestleMania IX but lost by disqualification when he knocked Undertaker unconscious by using chloroform .
He debuted in the WWF at the Royal Rumble in January 1993 , where he eliminated The Undertaker from the Royal Rumble match even though he was not an official participant .
Though the storm was forecasted to remain far away from the Gulf of Mexico , investors tracking the storm caused the price of crude oil to rise 60 cents a barrel due to the possible impact to oil installations .
After passing near the Cape Verde islands , Debby moved generally northwestward for much of its life , reaching a peak intensity of 50 mph ( 85 km\/h ) .
Though convection decreased early on August 21 , the area of low pressure stayed well-organized and the system developed into Tropical Depression Four late on August 21 .
Tropical Storm Debby was the fifth tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season .
Banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened , and on August 23 Debby reached its peak intensity of 50 mph over the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean .
Debby formed just off the coast of Africa on August 21 from a tropical wave .
Strong wind shear weakened the storm , and Debby dissipated on August 27 over the northern Atlantic Ocean .
The center of the storm became asymmetric and elongated , and on August 26 Debby weakened to a tropical depression .
Convection remained minimal and it quickly degenerated into a remnant area of low pressure .
Long range forecasts brought the storm near Bermuda .
Forecasters predicted Debby to continue to strengthen to reach hurricane status , while its projected path placed the storm in an area of warm water temperatures and moderate upper level shear .
Organization continued , and Debby again reached its peak intensity of 50 mph on August 24 .
While passing around 115 miles to the southwest of the southwestern most islands , the depression produced a 35 mph wind gust at Fogo and some rainfall , though no damage was reported .
The low turned to the north and north-northeast ahead of an approaching trough , and on August 28 the low dissipated .
However Debby remained over 900 miles from the island at its closest approach .
Convection redeveloped over a portion of the center , while banding features redeveloped as well .
Water temperatures remained warm enough for development , while upper level shear was minimal as the depression moved west-northwestward because of a ridge of high pressure to its north .
Southerly wind shear displaced the convection to the north of the center , and Debby weakened to a weak tropical storm on August 25 .
Shortly after reaching its peak intensity , Debby encountered an area of dry air , and as a result weakened .
Early in its life , Debby was forecasted to pass through the southern Cape Verde islands as a tropical storm , possibly causing life-threatening flooding .
The National Hurricane Center stated that heavy rainfall , possibly as high as 10 inches in mountainous areas , would be possible in the territory , possibly causing life-threatening flash floods and mudslides .
The low level circulation detached itself from the dying convection while the system as a whole continued west-northwestward .
A strong tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa late on August 20 , and almost convective banding and a broad circulation .
The government of the Cape Verde islands gave out tropical storm warnings at the same time with the issuance of the first advisory on Tropical Depression Four , meaning tropical storm conditions were expected in the area within 24 hours .
On August 22 , as it passed 140 miles ( 225 km ) miles to south of the Cape Verde islands , deep convection developed over the center of circulation , and early on August 23 the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Debby about 300 miles southwest of Cape Verde .
The National Hurricane Center continually predicted Debby to strengthen into hurricane status , though strong vertical shear eventually prevented the storm from becoming a hurricane .
Original predictions by the National Hurricane Center also forecasted a turn to the northwest based computer model predictions , as quoted by forecaster James Franklin , `` The models have also been excellently wrong thus far '' .
However , because of a reformation further to the south , tropical storm warnings were discontinued as the depression passed away from the area .
A large area of low pressure formed within the wave the next day while located 260 miles southeast of the Cape Verde islands .
In spite of a decrease in convection shortly after forming , the large depression remained well organized , with a 575 mile wide wind field .
Most computer models consistently predicted Debby to move to the northwest throughout its lifetime , though intensity was more of a problem for forecasters .
WWE NXT , which had been the name of the reality show , is now used as the title of NXT Wrestling 's main TV program .
The aim of the game is to beat the other player by hitting the front wall and making the ball bounce twice on the floor before they can hit their turn , or for them to hit the ball out of play .
The term used by the Brundtland Commission defined it as development with sustainability that `` meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs . ''
Batman is a 1960s American television series , based on the DC comic book character Batman .
It aired on the ABC network for two and a half seasons from 1966 to 1968 .
The Coordinating Bureau , also based at the UN , is the main instrument for directing the work of the movement 's task forces , committees and working groups .
The countries of the non-aligned movement are nearly two-thirds of the United Nations 's members and 55 % of the world population .
It was created by Yugoslavia 's President , Josip Broz Tito , India 's first Prime Minister , Jawaharlal Nehru , Egypt 's second President , Gamal Abdel Nasser , Ghana 's first president Kwame Nkrumah , and Indonesia 's first President , Sukarno .
The Non-Aligned Movement ( NAM ) is an international organization ( group of countries ) who do not want to be officially aligned ( friends ) with or against any major power bloc ( group of countries ) .
The Havana Declaration of 1979 said that the purpose is the organization is to help countries keep their `` the national independence , sovereignty , territorial integrity and security of non-aligned countries '' in their `` struggle against imperialism , colonialism , neo-colonialism , racism , and all forms of foreign aggression , occupation , domination , interference or hegemony as well as against great power and bloc politics . ''
Between summits , the Non-Aligned Movement is run by the secretary-general elected at last summit meeting .
In 2011 , the movement had 118 members and 20 observer countries .
He agreed to split the world with them , and Zeus got the sky , Poseidon the sea , and Hades the Underworld .
Rhea then hid Zeus in safety .
At university , Ballard was writing avant-garde fiction heavily influenced by psychoanalysis and surrealist painters .
His family lived in a small area in G block , a two-story residence for 40 families .
Ballard was born and raised in the Shanghai International Settlement , an area under foreign control where people `` lived an American style of life '' .
Ballard then worked for an advertising agency and as an encyclopedia salesman .
At this time , he wanted to become a writer as well as pursue a medical career .
In 1953 Ballard joined the Royal Air Force and was sent to the RCAF flight-training base in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , Canada .
After the start of the Second Sino-Japanese War , Ballard 's family temporarily left their suburban home and rented a house in downtown Shanghai to avoid the shells fired by Chinese and Japanese forces .
However , he was asked to leave at the end of the year .
After a couple of years his mother and sister returned to China , rejoining Ballard 's father .
Ballard was sent to the Lunghua Civilian Assembly Center with his parents and younger sister .
He spent over two years in the internment camp .
They in Plymouth , and he attended The Leys School in Cambridge .
In 1955 he married Helen Mary Matthews and they lived in Chiswick .
He kept writing short fiction but did not get published .
James Graham Ballard ( often `` Jim '' ; 15 November 1930 - 19 April 2009 ) was an English novelist , short story writer , and important member of the New Wave movement in science fiction .
He went to the Cathedral School in Shanghai .
In 1949 he went on to study medicine at King 's College , Cambridge and planned to become a psychiatrist .
Many think that Ballard 's exposure to the atrocities of war at a young age explains the conflicts and violence in much of his fiction .
Ballard 's father was a chemist at a company called the Calico Printers Association .
He left the RAF in 1954 after two years and returned to England .
Ballard published several novels and short-story collections during the seventies and eighties .
In 1946 , after the end of the war , his mother returned to England with Ballard and his sister on the SS Arrawa .
After the Pearl Harbor attack , the Japanese occupied the International Settlement .
It became a bestseller , Ballard continued to write until the end of his life .
The giant oarfish ( Regalecus glesne ) is the longest bony fish alive in the world today .
The family name Regalecidae comes from a word in Latin : regalis , which means `` royal '' .
The tools used to collect such information are called psychophysical methods .
The absolute threshold of hearing ( ATH ) is the minimum sound level of a pure tone that an average ear with normal hearing can hear with no other sound present .
Measurement of the absolute hearing threshold provides some basic information about our auditory system .
This is also known as the auditory threshold .
The absolute threshold relates to the sound that can just be heard by the organism .
For example , Ann begins a turn with a roll of 5 .
She could hold and score 5 points , but she decides to roll again .
On a player 's turn , a player can roll or hold : The first player to score 100 or more points wins .
She could hold with a turn total of 7 points ( 2 + 5 = 7 ) , but she decides to roll again .
John Scarne wrote about Pig as a common dice game in 1945 .
She must end her turn .
After World War II the Saarland came under French administration .
Definitive evidence linking gamma-ray bursts and supernovae was eventually found in the spectrum of GRB 020813 , and the afterglow of GRB 030329 .
However , supernova-like features only become apparent in the weeks following a burst , leaving the possibility that very early luminosity variations could be explained by dust echoes .
GRB 970228 was a gamma-ray burst ( GRB ) .
Reichart showed that the light curve of GRB 970228 could only have been caused by a supernova .
The burst had several peaks in its light curve .
It lasted around 80 seconds .
Since 1993 , scientists had predicted GRBs to be followed by afterglows .
The coat of arms of the Dominican Republic , as described by Article 96 of the Dominican Constitution , has a shield supported by an olive branch ( left ) and a palm leaf ( right ) ; above the shield , a blue ribbon displays the national motto : Dios , Patria , Libertad ( God , Fatherland , Freedom ) .
The National Flag of Dominican Republic has a small coat of arms in the center of the white cross .
Below the shield , there is a red ribbon with the words República Dominicana ( Dominican Republic ) .
Mozart and Beethoven also wrote some very great string quartets .
Chamber music means music written for small groups of instruments .
But these examples are not usually thought of as `` chamber music '' .
Joseph Haydn wrote lots of string quartets .
The first sociology department to be established in Britain was at the London School of Economics and Political Science in 1904 .
The first European department of sociology was founded in 1895 at the University of Bordeaux by Émile Durkheim .
Sociology is a social science .
Social analysis has been done since the time of Plato .
Mansions had many chimneys for the many fireplaces required to keep the vast rooms warm .
In larger towns and cities , such as London , common diseases arising from lack of sanitation included smallpox , measles , malaria , typhus , diphtheria , Scarlet fever , and chickenpox .
Outbreaks of the Black Death pandemic occurred in 1498 , 1535 , 1543 , 1563 , 1589 and 1603 .
Partly because of the new revenue raised from the dissolution of monasteries , Cromwell created revenue courts to allot the royal income properly to various departments .
The clerical income from First Fruits and Tenths , which previously went to the Pope , now went to the King .
About a third of the population lived in poverty with the wealthy expected to give alms to assist the impotent poor .
These fires were also the only way of cooking food .
These were the six courts or departments of state , each fully organised with its own specialised officials , equipped with seals and habitat , and responsible for a particular kind of revenue .
In 1487 Henry VII 's enemies from the House of York had crowned a pretender and landed a small army off the coast of Cumbria with the intention of stealing the crown .
The majority of the population lived in small villages .
Henry VII defeated them at East Stoke .
The high wages and abundance of available land seen in the late 14th century and early 15th century were replaced with low wages and a land shortage .
Impact of Dissolution The Tudor Government raised a huge amount of revenue from the dissolution of the monasteries .
There were no sewers or drains and rubbish was simply abandoned in the street .
The Role of Winchester The growing number of departments meant that the number of officials involved increased , which made the management of revenue troublesome and expensive .
The idea of the workhouse was first suggested in 1576 .
Animals such as rats thrived in these conditions .
Tudor law was harsh on those unable to find work .
Impact of War Henry 's war with France and Somerset 's war with France and Scotland cost England huge sums of money .
This was perhaps the last battle in the Wars of the Roses .
It was at first intended as a demonstration against enclosures of common land .
It began as a result of Henry VIII 's quarrel with Pope Clement VII regarding his refusal to grant a divorce .
The Tudor period usually refers to the period between 1485 and 1603 , specifically in relation to the history of England .
Various inflationary pressures , perhaps due to influx of New World gold and rising population , meant that the gap between the rich and poor widened .
Those who left their parishes in order to find work were called vagabonds and could be punished by whipping .
The leader , Robert Kett , was hanged for treason .
Although home to only a small part of the population the Tudor municipalities were overcrowded and unhygenic .
The reason for the speedy spread of the disease was the increase of rats infected by fleas carrying the disease ) The food consumed by the dinvery rich in this period consisted largely of venison , and often of blackbirds and larks .
Furniture was basic with stools being commonplace rather than chairs .
The export of woollen products to mainland Europe helped the economy rather much .
This was a period of significant change for the majority of the rural population , because enclosure started .
Their homes comprised , as in earlier centuries , of thatched huts with one or two rooms .
The very large houses were often , designed in symmetrical shapes such as ` E ' and ` H ' .
Following the Black Death and the agricultural depression of the late 14th century , population grew bigger again .
The Hund 's cases , which are particular regimes in molecular angular momentum coupling , and the Hund 's rules , which govern electron configurations , are important in spectroscopy and quantum chemistry .
A review was also written by Werner Kutzelnigg .
On the occasion of his 100th birthday , the book : Friedrich Hund : Geschichte der physikalischen Begriffe ( history of physics terms ) ( Heidelberg , Berlin , Oxford ) , Spektrum , Akademie Verlag 1996 , ISBN 3-8274-0083-X was published .
Hund worked with well known physicists as Schrödinger , Dirac , Heisenberg , Max Born , and Walter Bothe .
The same name was chosen for the Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of Göttingen .
Friedrich Hund ( 4 February 1896 - 31 March 1997 ) was a German physicist from Karlsruhe known for his work on atoms and molecules .
In chemistry , the first of Hund 's rules is especially important and is often referred to as simply Hund 's rule .
Additionally he stayed in Copenhagen ( 1926 ) with Niels Bohr and lectured on the atom at Harvard University , Cambridge , Massachusetts in 1928 .
Friedrich Hund became an honorary citizen of Jena , and a street in Jena was named after him .
After his studies of mathematics , physics , and geography in Marburg and Göttingen , he worked as a private lecturer in theoretical physics at Göttingen in 1925 , professor at Rostock in 1927 , Leipzig in 1929 , Jena in 1946 , Frankfurt\/Main in 1951 and from 1957 again in Göttingen .
Since June 2004 , a part of the new building of the Physics Department was given the Friedrich-Hund-Platz 1 address .
The Hund 's rule was named after him and in 1926 he discovered the later so-called tunneling effect .
He worked at the Universities of Rostock , Leipzig , Jena , Frankfurt am Main , Göttingen and was a member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science .
He had published more than 250 papers and essays and made contributions to quantum theory about the structure of the atom and the structure of molecular spectra .
The Indonesian government has recognized this animist belief as Aluk To Dolo ( `` Way of the Ancestors '' ) .
450,000 of these still live in the regency of Tana Toraja ( `` Land of Toraja '' ) .
The Toraja are an ethnic group , indigenous to a part of South Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Others of them are Muslim or have local animist beliefs known as aluk ( `` the way '' ) .
When Cyrus hosts a yachting excursion , Betty Lou makes Monty take her along , masquerading as `` Miss Van Cortland '' .
Stage actress Dorothy Tree had her first movie role in a small , uncredited part .
Cyrus at first wants to remove her from the ship , but he can not long resist Betty Lou 's it factor ; he eventually corners her and proposes marriage , but she gets him back , by telling him that she 'd `` rather marry his office boy '' , which accomplishes her goal , but breaks her heart .
Betty Lou saves Adela , punching her in the face when she panics and threatens to drown them both .
Betty bravely proclaims herself as an unmarried mother to protect her sickly roommate Molly ( Priscilla Bonner ) from having her baby taken away by a couple of meddling welfare workers .
Betty Lou , shocked and humiliated , refuses , quits her job , and resolves to forget Cyrus .
In February 1927 Cosmopolitan published a two-part serial story in which Glyn defined It .
In 2001 , It was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
Although he is in love with her , Cyrus offers her an `` arrangement '' that includes everything but marriage .
Monty arrives at just the wrong moment , forcing Betty to continue the charade with him .
He then learns the truth about the baby , and leaves Monty at the helm of the yacht to go find her .
Monty crashes the yacht into a fishing boat , tossing both Betty Lou and Adela into the water .
A young Gary Cooper was cast in a minor role as a newspaper reporter .
When she learns from Monty about Cyrus 's misunderstanding , she fumes , and vows to teach her former beau a lesson .
At the end of the movie , she and Cyrus reconcile on the anchor of the yacht , with the first two letters of the ship 's name , Itola , between them .
The picture was believed lost , but a copy was found in Prague in the 1960s .
He tells Cyrus .
Monty and Adela are upset at losing their friends however , it 's implied they pursue a relationship with each other as the movie ends .
It is also one of the earliest examples of product placement .
He is already romantically involved with socialite Adela Van Norman ( Jacqueline Gadsden ) .
Betty Lou Spence ( Clara Bow ) has a crush on her handsome boss , Cyrus Waltham , Jr. ( Antonio Moreno ) .
In this scene , the character Monty reads Glyn 's story and introduces it to the audience .
Cyrus 's silly friend Monty ( William Austin ) notices Betty .
Hope Loring , Louis D. Lighton and George Marion Jr. ( titles ) wrote the screenplay .
When she finally gets Cyrus 's attention , she convinces him to take her on a date to Coney Island .
It broke box office records .
She then peeks out her window at him as he drives away .
Paramount Pictures paid Glyn $ 50,000 for the concept .
The movie 's star Clara Bow became known as the `` It girl '' .
Betty Lou slaps his face .
He tries to kiss her on the way home .
In one scene , Glyn appears as herself to define `` It '' for Mr. Waltham .
She sets her sights on her handsome and rich boss .
But Barry had taken it off him to learn to strum his first chords .
The band met at City of Sunderland College as a quartet consisting of Barry Hyde ( vocals and guitar ) , David `` Jaff '' Craig ( bass ) , Peter Brewis ( drums ) , and Ross Millard ( vocals and guitar ) .
The Futureheads played their first gig at Ashbrooke Cricket and Rugby Club in December , 2000 .
In June , 2007 , they reportedly completed work on their third album , This Is Not the World , which was released in May , 2008 .
Millard said that he expected the new album to be punkier than the last album .
Five tracks of the tracks were produced by Andy Gill of Gang of Four .
Hyde 's younger brother Dave replaced Brewis ( who went on to form Field Music ) .
In tribute , the Futureheads performed a set live at the Stadium of Light as pre-match entertainment .
Dave was left with nothing , forcing him to take up the drums .
The song `` Decent Days And Nights '' from the album was featured in the video game soundtrack to Burnout 3 on PlayStation 2 and Xbox as well as EA 's Rugby 2005 .
The rest of the album was produced by Paul Epworth .
Their name comes from the title of the The Flaming Lips album , Hit to Death in the Future Head .
They performed at BBC Radio One 's One Big Weekend , held in their home town of Sunderland over the weekend of May 7-8 , 2005 .
It was also accompanied by a free download of a song called `` Crash . ''
In an interview with Channel 4 's 4Music , Barry Hyde said that Dave Hyde was given a golden guitar by his parents when he was young .
The band made a free download called `` Broke Up The Time '' available from their website on November 9 , 2007 .
The first single from the album was `` Skip to the End '' released on May 15 .
On February 21 , 2005 , `` Hounds of Love '' , a cover of a Kate Bush song , was released as a single .
In December , 2007 the band released a video of them walking around Carnaby Street , London to the single `` The Beginning of the Twist . ''
Millard and Craig had been in another local band together before .
The Futureheads released their self-titled debut album in September , 2004 on 679 recordings .
They later supported the Pixies , Foo Fighters and Snow Patrol .
A third single from the album , Walking Backwards , was released on August 4 , 2008 .
On May 8 , 2005 Sunderland A.F.C. picked up the Coca-Cola Championship trophy .
In November , 2009 , the band allowed fans to download a new free track , `` Struck Dumb , '' for a period of two weeks .
Their latest single , `` I Would n't Be Like This If You Were Here , '' was released on December 8 , 2008 .
They used the Sunderland City Detached Youth Project building ( where Brewis and Hyde worked ) as a free practice space .
The album News and Tributes was first released on May 29 , 2006 .
He also said that the band was close to splitting during the time after the second album was released .
They now have their own label , Nul Records , set up exclusively to distribute Futureheads material .
They debuted with their `` Nul Book Standard '' EP and then their `` 123 Nul EP '' on March 10 , 2003 .
In 2009 the band played at the biggest open-air festival in Europe ( 400,000 - 500,000 rock fans every year ) - Przystanek Woodstock in Poland .
Hyde said `` we were desperate to get out of the record deal , they could easily have kept us and made us try and make more records but we did n't want that ' Throughout the rest of 2006 , The Futureheads started their own independent record label , Nul Records , and started working on songs for their next album .
The Futureheads are a four-piece English , punk band from Sunderland .
It reached number eight in the UK Singles Chart in its first week .
The stand-alone EP , Area was released in November , 2005 while the band was working on their second album News and Tributes .
The Chaos will be released in the USA on 1 June 2010 , on Dovecote Records .
The band became bothered by major label music business and being under contract were very lucky to be set free by 679 Recordings .
The band released their new album , entitled The Chaos , on 26th April 2010 in the UK .
The reputation in the area grew through word-of-mouth .
The second single from their album `` Radio Heart '' was released on May 19 , 2008 from their album This Is Not The World followed by the release of the music video for the single on April 16 .
C. elegans is a model organism , used to study animal development and behavior .
It is the first multicellular organism for which scientists have been able to sequence its whole genome .
He was born in Owosso , Michigan and received his B.S. in chemistry at Michigan State University in 1930 and his Ph.D. in bacteriology in 1934 , taking a position shortly thereafter at the Department of Bacteriology at Washington University in St. Louis .
This experiment provided additional evidence that DNA , not protein , was the genetic material .
Alfred Day Hershey ( December 4 , 1908 - May 22 , 1997 ) was an American Nobel Prize-winning bacteriologist and geneticist .
He became director of the Carnegie Institution in 1962 and was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1969 , shared with Luria and Delbrück for their discovery on the replication of viruses and their genetic structure .
He found that when two different strains of bacteriophage have infected the same bacteria , the two viruses may exchange genetic information .
There he performed the famous Hershey-Chase blender experiment with Martha Chase in 1952 .
Residents of shanty towns often have poor health , lack education , suffer from high levels of crime and suicide , and have shorter life expectancy .
Shanty towns are slums on the outskirts of many cities - especially in third world countries .
The timeline also includes information which was not operationally released , meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center , such as information on a storm that was not operationally warned on , have been included .
The season officially began on June 1 2006 , and lasted until November 30 .
Below is a timeline of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season , listing all the storm formations , strengthening , weakening , landfalls , extratropical transitions , as well as dissipation .
The airport is also a major base for a number of charter airlines including First Choice Airways , Thomas Cook Airlines , Thomsonfly and XL Airways .
A choral scholar is a student at a university who gets money to help with the fees of his or her studies ( a `` scholarship '' ) in exchange for singing in the university 's choir .
To do this , create a page at Special : Mypage\/skin .
This allows you to avoid images that offend you without affecting other users .
Once you have an account , you can disable the images on a specific page by changing your personal settings at your CSS page .
All articles fall under the site-wide Content disclaimer .
Wikipedia will also not use specific disclaimers in articles warning readers of such content .
css and add the following line : body .
Readers who do not wish to be exposed to certain content have a number of options : These options will prevent certain kinds of content from being displayed .
To do so , you need to change your personal javascript page .
This page assumes that ( a ) you still want to visit Wikipedia ( rather than creating a fork or simply staying away ) and ( b ) you do not wish to enter discussions within Wikipedia policy to have the image changed , removed or deleted by building consensus .
Some people wish to not see some images .
Since then , the album has sold over 100,000 copies and has produced two popular singles , `` Ai n't Love Grand '' and `` Lip Gloss and Black . ''
Atreyu recorded and released its first full-length album in 2002 .
Atreyu are an American heavy metal band .
They are signed to Roadrunner Records .
Atreyu released its second record , a five-track EP , entitled Fractures in the Facade of Your Porcelain Beauty , in 2001 .
Tourism was , and continues to be one of the more important economic enterprises for the municipality .
All of the town is a historical site ; the architecture that has survived through the years gives Santa Fe de Antioquia the aspect of a city `` suspended '' in the colonial era , which is the reason the city was declared a National monument .
Its cathedral was constructed in 1799 and elevated to Diocese of Antioquia in 1804 by Pope Pius VII .
In 1813 Antioquia was declared a sovereign and independent state with Santa Fe as its capital , a status it maintained until 1826 , when Medellín was chosen as the new departmental seat .
It was a mining town from its beginnings and the gold mining operation has been the base of its economy .
The opening of the Tunnel of the West ( which shortens the time and the distance between the locality and Medellín ) in 2006 has allowed hundreds of tourists to come each weekend , stimulating the vocation of the vicinity as a summer vacation site .
Due to the state of conservation of its colonial architecture , it was declared a national monument in 1960 .
It changed its name in 1584 when it became the capital of Antioquia .
It was promoted to the status of parish in 1547 by the bishop of Popayán .
The economy of Santa Fe de Antioquia is based on agriculture .
The municipal area has a mountainous territory within the Central Cordillera of the Andes and watered by the rivers Cauca and Tonusco .
Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department of Colombia .
It was founded by the name Villa de Santafé in 1541 by Jorge Robledo on the western bank of the Cauca River .
The city is located about 50 miles north of Medellin , the department capital .
It has a population of about 23,000 residents .
Seals include the Antarctic Fur Seal ( Arctocephalus gazella ) and Sub-Antarctic Fur Seal ( Arctocephalus tropicalis ) in large numbers , Leopard Seal ( Hydrurga leptonyx ) , Weddell Seal ( Leptonychotes weddellii ) , the huge Southern Elephant Seal ( Mirounga leonina ) , and Crabeater Seal ( Lobodon carcinophagus ) .
Seabirds include four species of albatross : Black-browed Albatross ( Diomedea melanophris ) , Grey-headed Albatross ( Thalassarche chrysostoma ) , Light-mantled Albatross ( Phoebetria palpebrata ) , and Wandering Albatross ( Diomedea exulans ) .
These include two endemic species : a race of the Yellow-billed Pintail duck ( Anas georgica ) and South Georgia Pipit ( Anthus antarcticus ) .
Penguin species found here include large numbers of King Penguins , as well as Chinstrap Penguin , Macaroni Penguin , Gentoo penguin , Adelie Penguin , and Rockhopper Penguin ( Eudyptes chrysocome ) .
Normally stormy and cold , the Scotia Sea is the area of water between Tierra del Fuego , South Georgia , South Sandwich Islands , South Orkney Islands and the Antarctic Peninsula .
The islands are rocky and partly covered in ice and snow year round .
About half of the sea stands above the continental shelf .
South Georgia , the South Sandwich Islands and Bouvet Island are protected as nature reserves .
These include South Georgia , the volcanic South Sandwich Islands and the South Orkneys in the Scotia Sea as well as the remote South Shetland Islands near the Antarctic Peninsula and the small isolated volcano Bouvet Island .
All these islands are in the cold seas below the Antarctic convergence .
These island groups all sit on top of the Scotia Ridge .
These areas have tundra vegetation of mosses , lichen and algae .
It takes its name from the Pyrenees mountains and the Atlantic Ocean .
Pyrénées-Atlantiques is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution , on 4 March 1790 , with the name of Basses-Pyrénées .
It was created from parts of the old provinces of Guyenne , Béarn , and Gascony .
Pyrénées-Atlantiques ( Gascon : Pirenèus-Atlantics ; Basque : Pirinio-Atlantiarrak or Pirinio-Atlantikoak ) is a department in the Aquitaine region of France .
Pyrénées-Atlantiques is part of the Aquitaine region , southwestern France , and is the 10th French department in area with 7,645 km2 ( 2,952 sq mi ) .
In March 2006 , Frost flew to South Africa to part-fund an orphanage for the Homes of Hope project .
Frost and Law divorced on 29 October 2003 .
She met Jude Law when they were both working on the film Shopping .
As an actress , Frost has acted in : Press Gang and Casualty .
Frost and Kemp were married for 5 years .
Frost and her first husband Gary Kemp starred together in the 1990s film The Krays .
In 2004 , she wrote and presented a short lived series What Sadie did next ... for E4 .
Sadie Frost ( born 19 June 1965 ) is an English actress .
She won a scholarship to the Italia Conti Academy .
Frost starred in a Jelly Tots advertisement at the age of 3 .
They married on 2 September 1997 and had three children .
It is based on Mario Puzo 's novel of the same name , and stars Marlon Brando and Al Pacino .
A sequel , The Godfather Part II , was released in 1974 and won another Best Picture Oscar .
Many people let the beans cook slowly all day .
Red beans and rice is a dish popular in Louisiana .
They released Linear Motor girl , which managed to chart on the oricon chart on September 21 , 2005 .
Also they released two other singles , `` Computer City '' and `` Electro World '' in 2006 .
In 2003 in Tokyo , they met someone who would become a crucial to their success - Capsule 's Yasutaka Nakata , who is the main producer for them .
The members are Ayano Ōmoto , Yuka Kashino and Ayaka Nishiwaki .
It reached # 7 on oricon chart .
From 1908 Minerva got a worldwide Knight licence .
In 1903 he grounded the NV Minerva Motors ' in Berchem ( Antwerp ) .
In 1883 a young Belgian called Sylvain de Jong settled in Antwerp , Belgium .
A certain Charles S Rolls was Minerva dealer in England .
After worldwar I , during which Sylvain de Jong and his engineers headed to Amsterdam , where they kept on developing parts , they returned to start up the production of luxury cars .
The Knight motor was a motor without valves , developed by Charles Y Knight in the United States .
UK CD Limited Edition Enhanced 4 Track CD with Poster Europe Maxi-CD Germany CD
The song reached the top ten in Australia , top 20 in the UK and Switzerland .
The song was written by Usher , Dupri , and Brian Michael Cox .
The song mentions Michael Jackson and Bobby Brown .
We 'll have two Christmases ' . ''
He has a younger brother named Patrick .
Ferrell said of the divorce : `` I was the type of kid who would say , ` Hey , look at the bright side !
His parents were both natives of Roanoke Rapids , North Carolina , and moved to California in 1964 .
John William `` Will '' Ferrell ( \/ ˈfɛrəl \/ ; born July 16 , 1967 ) is an American comedian , impressionist , actor , producer , and writer .
When he was 8 , his parents divorced .
He is the son of Betty Kay ( nee Overman ) , a teacher who taught at Old Mill School elementary school and Santa Ana College , and Roy Lee Ferrell Jr. , a musician with The Righteous Brothers .
Ferrell is of English , German , Irish , and remote French and Italian ancestry .
She is the daughter of Zeus and Leto and the twin sister of Apollo .
In Greek mythology , Artemis is the daughter of Zeus and Leto , and the twin sister of Apollo .
Empress Myeongseong ( 19 October 1851 - 8 October 1895 ) , also known as Queen Min , was the official wife of King Gojong .
In the early morning of October 8 , 1895 , men who said that they were commanded by Miura Gorō went into Gyeongbok Palace .
Kinshasa ( formerly Léopoldville ) and Brazzaville are on opposite sides of the river at the Pool , where the river narrows and falls through a few cataracts in deep canyons ( collectively known as the Livingstone Falls ) , running by Matadi and Boma , and into the sea at the small town of Muanda .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo , both countries sitting along the river 's banks , are named after it .
The project would bring the highest output of the dam to 40 GW , twice that of China 's Three Gorges Dam .
The Chambeshi River in Zambia is usually taken as the source of the Congo because of the accepted practice worldwide of using the longest tributary , as with the Nile River .
The sources of the Congo are in the highlands and mountains of the East African Rift , as well as Lake Tanganyika and Lake Mweru , which feed the Lualaba River .
Railways now cross the three major falls , and much of the trade of central Africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton .
The river and its tributaries flow through the second largest rain forest area in the world , second only to the Amazon Rainforest in South America .
The Congo gets its name from the old Kingdom of Kongo which made their home in the lands at the mouth of the river .
The Congo flows mostly west from Kisangani just below the falls , then slowly bends southwest , passing by Mbandaka , joining with the Ubangi River , and running into the Pool Malebo ( Stanley Pool ) .
The Congo River ( also known as Zaire River ) is the largest river in Africa .
The river can also be valuable for hydroelectric power , and the Inga Dams below Pool Malebo are some of the first dams built .
Although the Livingstone Falls stop water coming in from the sea , almost all of the Congo is navigable in parts , especially between Kinshasa and Kisangani .
In February of 2005 , South Africa 's power company owned by the state , Eskom , said that they had a proposal to increase the holding amount of the Inga a lot through improvements and the building of a new hydroelectric dam .
From 1971 to 1997 , the Democratic Republic of the Congo was called Zaire and its government called the river the Zaire River .
Because large parts of the river basin sit above and below the equator , its flow is very good , as there is always at least one river having a rainy season .
Its overall length of 4,700 km ( 2,922 miles ) makes it the second longest in Africa ( after the Nile ) .
There is widespread concern internationally that the trials and sentencing were politically motivated .
While still serving his sentence , Khodorkovsky and his business partner Platon Lebedev were further charged and found guilty of embezzlement and money laundering in December 2010 , extending his prison sentence to 2014 .
In response to his first application , which concerned events from 2003 to 2005 , the court found that several violations were committed by the Russian authorities in their treatment of Khodorkovsky .
He was found guilty and sentenced to nine years in prison in May 2005 .
In particular , the court ruled that Khodorkovsky 's arrest was `` unlawful as it had been made with a purpose different from the one expressed . ''
Despite these findings , the court ultimately ruled that the trial was not politically motivated , but rather `` that the charges against him were grounded in ` reasonable suspicion ' '' .
The government under Vladimir Putin then froze shares of Yukos shortly thereafter on tax charges .
Khodorkovsky lodged several applications to the European Court of Human Rights .
The state took further actions against Yukos , leading to a collapse of the company 's share price .
He was the head of Yukos , one of the largest Russian companies to emerge from the privatization of state assets in the 1990s .
In 2003 , Khodorkovsky was named Person of the Year by Expert , sharing this title with Roman Abramovich and , in 2004 , Khodorkovsky was the wealthiest man in Russia and one of the richest people in the world , ranked 16th on Forbes list of billionaires .
Khodorkovsky was pardoned by President Vladimir Putin following lobbying for his release by Hans-Dietrich Genscher , and released from jail on 20 December 2013 .
Khodorkovsky was born in Moscow to a Jewish father and Russian mother .
It shoots beams of ions ( atoms or molecules with an electrical charge ) .
Ion cannons are used in many science-fiction movies and television series .
In March 1883 he founded the Bank Clerks Orphanage , which in 1986 became the Bankers Benevolent Fund - a charity for bank employees , past and present and their dependants .
`` What was new was Lubbock 's ... insistence that , as a result of natural selection , human groups had become different from each other , not only culturally , but also in their biological capacities to utilize culture '' .
In January 1884 he founded the Proportional Representation Society , later to become the Electoral Reform Society .
From 1888 to 1892 he was president of the London Chamber of Commerce ; from 1889 to 1890 vice-chairman and from 1890 to 1892 chairman of the London County Council .
He was soon a frequent visitor to Down House , and became the closest of Darwin 's younger friends .
In 1865 Lubbock published what was possibly the most influential archaeological text book of the 19th Century , Pre-historic times , as illustrated by ancient remains , and the manners and customs of modern savages .
In 1865 he succeeded to the baronetcy .
In February 1890 he was appointed a Privy Councillor , and was chairman of the committee of design on the new coinage in 1891 .
When Darwin died in 1882 , Lubbock suggested the honor of burial in Westminster Abbey , and was one of the pallbearers .
He discovered that ants were sensitive to the ultraviolet range of the spectrum .
Lubbock was elected the first president of the Institute of Bankers in 1879 ; in 1881 he was president of the British Association , and from 1881 to 1886 president of the Linnean Society of London .
Lubbock was the son of Sir John Lubbock , 3rd Baronet , and was brought up in the family home of High Elms , near Downe in Kent .
The Punch verse of 1882 captured him perfectly : How doth the Banking Busy Bee Improve his shining Hours ?
In January 1900 he was raised to the peerage as Baron Avebury , his title commemorating the largest Neolithic site in Europe .
By studying on Bank Holidays Strange insects and Wild Flowers !
Young John Lubbock thought it might be a new pony , and was disappointed that the news was that Charles Darwin was moving to Down House in the village .
He carried out extensive correspondence with Charles Darwin , who lived nearby in Downe .
In addition to their shared interest in natural history , both men were active advocates of spelling reform , and members of the Spelling Reform Association .
John Lubbock , 1st Baron Avebury PC , FRS ( 30 April 1834 - 28 May 1913 ) , known as Sir John Lubbock , 4th Bt from 1865 until 1900 , was an English banker , biologist , archaeologist and Liberal politician .
Lubbock received honorary degrees from the universities of Oxford , Cambridge , Edinburgh , Dublin and Würzburg ; and in 1878 was appointed a trustee of the British Museum .
Lubbock was also an amateur biologist of some distinction , writing books on hymenoptera , on insect sense organs and development , on the intelligence of animals , and on other natural history topics .
He invented the terms Palaeolithic and Neolithic to denote the Old and New Stone Ages respectively , but more notable was his introduction of a Darwinian view of human nature .
Paradise Island is an island in the Bahamas .
There is no direct access to the Passage Tomb at Newgrange , access is by guided tour from the Brú na Bóinne Visitor Centre located close to the village of Donore , Co. .
The 19 metre long inner passage leads to a cruciform chamber with a corbelled roof .
It was written by Diablo Cody and directed by Jason Reitman .
Juno won an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay .
The movie made $ 231 million around the world .
She offers Glen an Angora wool sweater as a sign of acceptance .
Wood himself played the title character , but under the pseudonym `` Daniel Davis '' .
This was the only movie Wood directed but did not also produce .
Glen is shown looking at women 's clothes in a shop window .
It stars Ed Wood as Glen and Glenda , and features Bela Lugosi and Wood 's then-girlfriend Dolores Fuller .
He made Jorgensen several offers to appear in the movie .
He acts as a sort of narrator but gives no narration relevant to the plot .
George Weiss was a Hollywood producer of low-budget films .
Lugosi is credited as `` The Scientist '' .
The movie was inspired by the Christine Jorgensen 's sex reassignment surgery in 1952 .
The banana plant is the largest herbaceous flowering plant .
Banana fiber is also used to make banana paper .
Dried bananas are also ground into banana flour .
The harvested shoots must first be boiled in lye to prepare the fibers for the making of the yarn .
These banana fiber rugs are woven by traditional Nepalese hand-knotted methods .
The bananas from a group of cultivars with firmer , starchier fruit are called plantains .
Both the skin and inner part can be eaten .
These banana shoots produce fibers of varying degrees of softness .
The softest innermost fibers are desirable for kimono and kamishimo .
Banana leaves grow in a spiral and may grow 2.7 metres ( 8.9 feet ) long and 60 cm ( 2.0 ft ) wide .
In popular culture and commerce , `` banana '' usually refers to soft , sweet `` dessert '' bananas .
In the Japanese system , the leaves and shoots are cut from the plant periodically to make sure they are soft .
This traditional Japanese banana cloth making process has many steps , all performed by hand .
After fruiting , the pseudostem dies and is replaced .
Bananas are grown in at least 107 countries .
They are easily torn by the wind , which results in a familiar , frayed look .
These kinds are called plantains .
The banana fruits grow from a banana heart in hanging clusters , also called a bunch or banana stem .
In Japan , bananas have been grown to be used for clothing and in the house since at least the 13th century .
They are then sent to the Kathmandu Valley , where high-end rugs are produced .
The sweet , soft bananas that are used for desserts are called dessert bananas .
Certain bananas have other colors when ripe .
Plantains are mostly used for cooking or fiber .
The fiber gained from the banana plant has been used to make textiles for a long time .
There are two different kinds of banana paper : Paper made from the bark , and paper made from the fiber and from unused fruits .
Bananas are classified either as dessert bananas or as green cooking bananas .
Banana is the common name for a type of herb and also the name for the herbaceous plants that grow this herb .
In 1764 the eastern part of Granville County became Bute County .
In 1752 parts of Granville County , Bladen County , and Johnston County were combined to form Orange County .
And in 1881 parts of Granville County , Franklin County , and Warren County were combined to form Vance County .
Granville County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The county was made in 1746 from Edgecombe County .
Its county seat is Oxford .
Granville County is part of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments .
For example , in 1804 in the United States the politicians Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton had a duel .
He was a co-winner of the Wolf Prize in physics in 1980 , together with Michael E. Fisher and Leo Kadanoff .
He earned his PhD from Caltech in 1961 , studying under Murray Gell-Mann .
In 1974 , he became the James A. Weeks Professor of Physics at Cornell .
In 1985 , he was appointed as Cornell 's Director of the Center for Theory and Simulation in Science and Engineering ( known now as the Cornell Theory Center , one of five national supercomputer center created by the National Science Foundation .
Kenneth Geddes Wilson ( June 8 , 1936 - June 15 , 2013 ) was an American theoretical physicist and Nobel Prize winner .
He got the 1982 Nobel Prize in Physics for combining quantum field theory and the statistical theory of critical phenomena of second-order phase transitions .
He also gave a constructive answer to another important `` renormalization '' problem from solid-state physics , the Kondo effect .
Wilson died on June 19 , 2013 from lymphoma in Saco , Maine , aged 77 .
Wilson 's father was the prominent chemist E. Bright Wilson , and his brother David is also a Professor at Cornell in the department of Molecular Biology and Genetics .
He became a junior faculty member in Cornell University Physics Department in 1963 .
Since 1988 , Dr. Wilson has been a faculty member at The Ohio State University .
Before he started his professional wrestling career , Windham played football at Texas Western College , which is now known as the University of Texas at El Paso .
He is part of the Windham wrestling family and is the father of wrestlers Barry and Kendall Windham , the father-in-law of Mike Rotundo , and the grandfather of Bray Wyatt and Bo Dallas .
Robert Jack Windham ( born November 26 , 1942 in Sweetwater , Texas ) better known by his ring name , Blackjack Mulligan , is a retired American professional wrestler , author and former American football player .
He won the NWA American Tag Team Championship , NWA Texas Tag Team Championship , WWA World Tag Team Championship and the WWWF World Tag Team Championship during his time in The Blackjacks .
He would later join the American Wrestling Association and moved to the World Wide Wrestling Federation .
A stockman can also be the persons employed at abattoirs , feedlots , on live export ships or with stock and station agencies .
A related job is that of the drover , who , like the shearer may be an temporary seasonal worker .
Stations are owned by a grazier or a grazing company .
Some stations are now making it easier for women to work on stations by building female living quarters and putting in machinery to do some of the heavy work .
Dragons in later Japanese folklore were often good , perhaps because of influence from Chinese culture .
But a typical material object is likely to be irregular in shape .
Existing definitions are based on replacent of a given particle with imaginary sphere that has one of the properties identical with the particle .
Particle size ( grain size )
His first television series was My Favorite Martian , playing the role of Tim O'Hara , and co-starring Ray Walston .
After the success of the series , there were three movies filmed for television : The Incredible Hulk Returns ( 1988 ) , directed by Nicholas Corea ; The Trial of the Incredible Hulk ( 1989 ) ; and The Death of the Incredible Hulk , directed by Bixby .
Haemophilia B happens in about 1 in every 20,000-34 ,000 male births .
There are 3 types of hemophilia : Haemophilia A happens in about 1 in 5,000-10 ,000 male births .
This happens because each male needs a X and a Y chromosome ; but because the Y chromosome is smaller than the X chromosome , some genes are missing .
They do not bleed more than a normal person , but they bleed for much longer .
The presidential office was created in 1948 under the 1947 Constitution of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
The Republic of China ( Taiwan ) government has controlled Taiwan , Penghu , Kinmen , Matsu and other islands after the rest of mainland China since 1949 .
The word sic may be used to show that an uncommon or old usage is written faithfully : for instance , quoting the U.S. Constitution : `` The House of Representatives shall chuse ( sic ) their Speaker ... '' It is often used , though , to highlight an error , sometimes to ridicule , such as here in The Times : Warehouse has been around for 30 years and has 263 stores , suggesting a large fan base .
There are two districts in Klang , Klang North and Klang South .
Both are divided by a river called the Klang River .
An injective function is often called a 1-1 function .
Note : One can make a non-injective function into an injective function by eliminating part of the domain .
In mathematics , a injective function is a function f : A → B with the following property .
He took the Scala Orchestra to the United States on a concert tour in 1920-21 ; it was during that tour that Toscanini made his first recordings ( for the Victor Talking Machine Company ) .
In the 1930s he conducted at the Salzburg Festival ( 1934-1937 ) and the first concert in 1936 of the newly formed Palestine Symphony Orchestra ( now the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra ) in Tel Aviv , and later performed with them in Jerusalem , Haifa , Cairo and Alexandria .
In 1896 he conducted his first symphonic concert ( works by Schubert , Brahms , Tchaikovsky , and Wagner ) , in Turin .
Toscanini started conducting outside Europe : at the Metropolitan Opera in New York ( 1908-1915 ) as well as the New York Philharmonic Orchestra ( 1926-1936 ) .
He joined the orchestra of an opera company and he toured South America with them in 1886 .
When he got back to Italy Toscanini returned to his chair in the cello section , and took part as cellist in the first performance of Verdi 's Otello ( La Scala , 1887 ) .
He conducted the first performances of Puccini 's La Bohème and Leoncavallo 's Pagliacci .
Arturo Toscanini ( 25 March 1867 - 16 January 1957 ) was an Italian conductor .
Toscanini was the first non-German conductor to conduct at Bayreuth ( 1930-1931 ) .
He won a scholarship to the local music conservatory , where he learned to play the cello .
He toured Europe with the New York Philharmonic in 1930 and always had great success .
By 1898 he was conductor at La Scala , Milan and he stayed there until 1908 , but returned during the 1920s .
Dart studied keyboard instruments at the Royal College of Music in London from 1938 to 1939 , and also studied mathematics at University College , Exeter , graduating in 1942 .
Dart taught many students , included some who later became famous : the composer Michael Nyman , conductor Sir John Eliot Gardiner and conductor\/musicologist Christopher Hogwood .
Thurston Dart ( born 3 September 1921 ; died 6 March 1971 ) , was a British musicologist , conductor and keyboard player .
In 1964 he became King Edward Professor of Music in the University of London ( King 's College ) .
He formed such groups as the Early Music Consort of London .
It is Southeast Asia 's first ever Kidzania theme park , coming from the Mexican amusement park company Kidzania de Mexico S.A. Kidzania Jakarta is the fourth of its kind to open globally .
Kidzania Jakarta is an amusement park in Jakarta .
The latest change came on June 8 , 2009 , when it opened its first Research & Development Center .
The Phi Beta Kappa Society is an academic honor society in the United States .
The society was founded at The College of William and Mary on December 5 , 1776 .
The society inducts the most outstanding students of arts and sciences at American colleges and universities .
Phi Beta Kappa ( ΦΒΚ ) stands for Φιλοσοφία Βίου Κυβερνήτης or philosophia biou kybernētēs - `` Love of learning is the guide of life '' .
The society 's goals are to educate others about and increase the recognition of the sound editors , show the artistic merit of the soundtracks , and improve the professional relationship of its members .
There are also `` other '' categories that include Sound Editing in Computer Entertainment , the Career Achievement Award , and the Inaugural Filmmaker 's Award .
The names of active members of the MPSE will generally appear in film credits with the post-nominal letters `` MPSE '' .
Founded in 1953 , Motion Picture Sound Editors ( M.P.S.E. ) is an honorary society of motion picture sound editors .
The MPSE also sponsors the Verna Fields Award for Sound Editing in a Student Film and the Ethel Crutcher Scholarship .
The following are required for the membership application : Started in 1953 , the MPSE has annually presented awards to sound editors in the following categories : The categories are further broken down based on specific genres and between Feature Film 's and Television shows .
Entropy is an important part of the third law of thermodynamics .
The entropy has thus decreased .
Richard Whately commented that this parable `` is one which our Lord may be said to have put before his hearers twice ; once in words , once in action . ''
The parable is connected to the miracle of cursing the fig tree .
Fig trees are often planted in vineyards .
The Parable of the Barren Fig Tree ( Luke 13:6 -9 ) written in the New Testament is a parable of Jesus .
The tree was meant to bear the good fruit of the Holy Spirit and the gardener ( vinedresser ) is Jesus .
The parable indicates Jesus is giving his hearers one last chance to repent their sins .
It is a parable about a fig tree which does not produce fruit , unlike the parable of the budding fig tree .
`` These three years '' refers to the period of his ministry on earth .
The fig tree is a symbol for Jerusalem ( and also for Jesus 's church ) .
08 1 11 000 : Stuttgart 15 3 52 002 : Aschersleben 3 25 21 : Rappottenstein 9 07 01 : Vienna - Neubau
The Official Municipality Key , which used to be called the Official Municipality Characteristic Number or Municipality Code Number , is a group of numbers used to tell the difference between different municipalities and areas .
In cultures that think that there is fire in the afterlife , hellhounds may have fire-based abilities and appearance .
In European legends , seeing a hellhound or hearing it howl may be either an omen or a cause of a soon death .
They often have to guard the entrances to the world of the dead , such as graveyards and burial grounds , or do other things related to the afterlife or the supernatural .
Hellhounds are often said to have black fur , glowing red or sometimes glowing yellow eyes , super strength or speed , ghostly or phantom characteristics , a badodor , and sometimes even the ability to talk .
A hellhound is a supernatural dog , found in mythology , folklore and fiction .
Many ominous or hellish supernatural dogs are in mythology around the world , similar to the ubiquitous dragon .
Later in 2004 , Ealy appeared in Never Die Alone with DMX .
On television , Ealy stars as Dorian in the science-fiction police drama , Almost Human .
Among his first movie roles were Bad Company and Kissing Jessica Stein .
He played Dominic in `` Think like a Man '' in 2012 .
He is perhaps best known for his roles in the movies Barbershop ( 2002 ) , its sequel Barbershop 2 : Back in Business ( 2004 ) , 2 Fast 2 Furious ( 2003 ) , Their Eyes Were Watching God ( 2005 ) , Seven Pounds ( 2008 ) , For Colored Girls ( 2010 ) , and Underworld : Awakening ( 2012 ) .
Ealy was born in Washington , D.C. .
His mother worked for IBM .
In October 2012 , Ealy married Khatira Rafiqzada , in Los Angeles .
He started his acting career in the late 1990s .
In 2003 , he played Slap Jack in 2 Fast 2 Furious .
His breakout role was in 2002 's Barbershop , in which he played a reformed street criminal named Ricky Nash .
He appeared in Mariah Carey 's music video for her hit single `` Get Your Number '' .
He attended the University of Maryland in College Park , Maryland .
Michael Ealy ( born August 3 , 1973 ) is an American actor .
There has been some debate whether the statue represents Zeus or Poseidon .
A ski resort is a place where people go skiing or to do other winter sports .
Ski resorts also have hotels and restaurants for tourists .
There are many ski resorts around the world .
While in Mexico , Eisenstein mixed socially with Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera .
Eisenstein would then work as a designer for Vsevolod Meyerhold .
In 1923 Eisenstein began his career as a theorist , by writing The Montage of Attractions for LEF .
In 1920 Eisenstein moved to Moscow , and began his career in theater working for Proletkult .
This brought his father to Germany after defeat , and Sergei to Petrograd , Vologda , and Dvinsk .
The title for the project , ¡ Que viva México !
Paramount then proposed a movie version of Theodore Dreiser 's An American Tragedy .
He spent the next two years touring and lecturing in Berlin , Zurich , London , and Paris .
Two short movies and a short subject - Thunder Over Mexico based on the `` Maguey '' footage , Eisenstein in Mexico , and Death Day respectively - were completed and released in the United States between the autumn of 1933 and early 1934 .
In 1920 , Sergei was transferred to a command position in Minsk , after success providing propaganda for the October Revolution .
Lesser agreed to supervise post-production work on the miles of negative - at the Sinclairs ' expense - and distribute any finished product .
He accepted a short-term contract for $ 100,000 and arrived in Hollywood in May 1930 .
In 1929 , in Switzerland , Eisenstein supervised an educational documentary about abortion directed by Edouard Tissé entitled Frauennot - Frauenglück .
Eisenstein toured the American South , on his way to New York .
Eisenstein never saw any of the Sinclair-Lesser movies , nor a later effort by his first biographer , Marie Seton , called Time In The Sun .
For Eisenstein , however , it was also an opportunity to see landscapes and cultures outside those found within the Soviet Union .
Eisenstein 's re-entry visa had expired , and Sinclair 's contacts in Washington were unable to secure him an additional extension .
This excited Eisenstein , who had read and liked the work , and had met Dreiser at one time in Moscow .
At the Petrograd Institute of Civil Engineering , Sergei studied architecture and engineering , the job of his father .
At school with his fellow students however , Sergei would join the military to serve the revolution .
He would publicly say that he had lost all interest in the project .
`` Strike '' ( 1925 ) was Eisenstein 's first full-length movie .
In late April 1930 , Jesse L. Lasky , working for Paramount Pictures , offered Eisenstein the chance to make a movie in the United States .
Eisenstein 's father Mikhail Osipovich Eisenstein was of German-Jewish and Swedish descent and his mother , Julia Ivanovna Konetskaya , was from a Russian Orthodox family .
He was assigned to direct Richard Wagner 's Die Walküre at the Bolshoi Theatre .
His productions there were named Gas Masks , Listen Moscow , and Wiseman .
The thing that may have saved Eisenstein 's career at this point was that Stalin ended up saying that the Bezhin Meadow problems , along with several other problems facing the business , had less to do with Eisenstein 's approach to filmmaking as with the executives who were supposed to have been watching him .
Eisenstein blamed Mary Sinclair 's younger brother , Hunter Kimbrough , for the film 's problems .
Sinclair 's works had been accepted by and were widely read in the Soviet Union , and were known to Eisenstein .
Eisenstein hoped to pressure the Sinclairs to stop Stalin , so Eisenstein could finish the movie in his own way .
He learned some three hundred kanji characters which he cited as an influence on his pictorial development .
The deal was `` upon the basis of Eisenstein 's desire to be free to direct the making of a picture according to his own ideas of what a Mexican picture should be , and in full faith in Eisenstein 's artistic integrity . ''
Eisenstein was faced with returning home as a failure .
He also received permission for Eisenstein to travel to Mexico to make a movie to be produced by Sinclair and his wife , Mary Craig Kimbrough Sinclair .
When Eisenstein arrived at the American border , a customs search of his trunk revealed sketches and drawings of Jesus along with other material of a pornographic nature .
In mid-1932 , the Sinclairs were able to get the services of Sol Lesser .
( The production executive at movie studio Mosfilm , where Meadow was being made , was also replaced , but without more executions ) .
The trip was supposed to allow Eisenstein and others to learn about sound motion pictures .
For the unfinished filming of the `` novel '' of Soldadera , Eisenstein had gotten 500 soldiers , 10,000 guns , and 50 cannons from the Mexican Army .
The contract also said that `` Eisenstein ... agrees that all pictures made or directed by him in Mexico , all negative film and positive prints , and all story and ideas embodied in said Mexican picture , will be the property of Mrs. Sinclair ... '' An addition to the contract , dated December 1 , allowed that the `` Soviet Government may have the ( finished ) movie free for showing inside the U.S.S.R. '' Reportedly , it was verbally decided that the movie was expected to be an hour long .
The result was a movie critically received by both the Soviets and in the West .
Eisenstein 's movie , Ivan The Terrible , Part I , showing Ivan IV of Russia as a national hero , was liked by Joseph Stalin ( and it won a Stalin Prize ) .
In 1918 Sergei joined the Red Army with his father , Mikhail , supporting the opposite side .
Many of his theoretical articles from this period , such as Eisenstein on Disney , have been found decades later as important scholarly texts .
His father would later move to join them around 1910 .
His father was an architect and his mother was the daughter of a wealthy merchant .
With the war coming to Moscow , Eisenstein was one of many filmmakers evacuated to Alma-Ata .
All the film from the not-finished Ivan The Terrible : Part III was taken away , and most of it was destroyed ( though several filmed scenes still exist today ) .
They also found themselves intimidated by Major Frank Pease , president of the Hollywood Technical Director 's Institute .
He was then given a teaching job with the movie school GIK ( now Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography ) where he had taught before .
Eisenstein , Alexandrov and Tisse were , after a month 's stay at the U.S.-Mexico border outside Laredo , Texas , allowed a 30-day `` pass '' to get from Texas to New York .
Pease , an anti-communist , started a public campaign against Eisenstein .
He is buried at Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow .
Julia left Riga the year of the 1905 Revolution .
But , within months of its release , Stalin entered into his agreement with Hitler .
Dziga Vertov hired at first as an `` instructor '' for the film The movie formed part of his theater production Wiseman .
His methods and ideas were becoming increasingly attacked as ` ideological failures ' .
He was joined by Grigori Aleksandrov and cinematographer Eduard Tisse .
Prokofiev composed the score for Eisenstein 's movie .
Eisenstein was then able to impress Stalin again for `` one more chance '' , and he chose , from two offerings , the job of a movie of Alexander Nevsky , with music composed by Sergei Prokofiev .
Eisenstein 's health was also failing .
Eisenstein was born in Riga , Latvia but his family moved a lot in his early years .
On October 23 , 1930 , Paramount and Eisenstein declared their contract canceled .
After a long time away from the Soviet Union , Stalin sent a telegram saying he was worried that Eisenstein had become a deserter .
He ordered Kimbrough to return to the United States with the remaining movie footage .
They inspired Eisenstein to call his movies , `` moving frescoes . ''
The movie was part of the tenth anniversary celebration of the October Revolution of 1917 .
Chaplin recommended that Eisenstein meet American socialist author Upton Sinclair who Chaplin thought might help Eisenstein .
In 1935 , he began another project , Bezhin Meadow .
However , this agreement failed .
Eisenstein 's trip to the west made the Soviet movie business look at him with a suspicion that would never completely go away .
The Battleship Potemkin ( 1925 ) was well liked by critics throughout the world .
In the end , this made Boris Shumyatsky , `` executive producer '' of Soviet movies since 1932 to blame .
This also allowed him to see Kabuki theater .
It was Eisenstein 's first movie in nearly a decade .
Eisenstein proposed a biography of munitions invester Sir Basil Zaharoff and a movie version of Arms and the Man by George Bernard Shaw .
Between the end of October 1930 , and Thanksgiving of that year , Sinclair had gotten an extension of Eisenstein 's leave from the Soviet Union .
, was decided on some time later .
He apparently spent some time in a mental hospital in Kislovodsk in July 1933 .
This would be the final plan Eisenstein would settle on for his project .
It was an obvious allegory and hard warning against the growing forces of Nazi Germany .
He was also known for his historical epics Alexander Nevsky and Ivan the Terrible .
But in infants , HIV\/AIDS patients , and others with weakened immunity , infection can cause serious and occasionally fatal illness ( toxoplasmosis ) .
Although mild , flu-like symptoms occasionally occur during the first few weeks , infection with T. gondii generally produces no symptoms in healthy human adults .
Felids are therefore the definitive hosts of T. gondii , with all other hosts defined as ` intermediate hosts ' .
p77 Infection in humans and other warm-blooded animals can occur The parasite can only sexually reproduce in the intestines of members of the cat family ( felids ) .
Blood test show that up to a third of the world population has been or is infected with T. gondii .
Individual fruits are round to slightly flattened .
They are harvested before the first light frost , when the plant 's leaves die .
Although recommendations are different , seeds are often planted at 1 to 3 cm ( 0.39 to 1.18 in ) deep , spaced 3 to 8 cm ( 1.2 to 3.1 in ) apart .
They have a bright orange color , with fine-grained , yellow-orange flesh .
These squash are best planted between two and four weeks after the average last frost , and they become ripe 110 to 120 days after being planted .
The flesh is good for being canned and frozen .
Big Max is a type of squash that can grow to be more than 100 pounds .
The skin has deep lines in it and is slightly roughened , and can be up to 3 to 4 in ( 76 to 102 mm ) thick .
They have been grown as big as 300 pounds .
The properties common to these organisms-plants , animals , fungi , protists , archaea , and bacteria-are a carbon and water-based cellular form with complex organization and heritable genetic information .
More complex living organisms can communicate through various means .
They undergo metabolism , maintain homeostasis , possess a capacity to grow , respond to stimuli and reproduce .
On July 11 , 2008 , DeBakey died of natural causes at age 99 .
DeBakey did something rare by still practicing medicine in old age .
DeBakey was involved with medicine from a young age and went to Tulane University .
In addition to MASH units , DeBakey made many important aspects to surgery , one of which was the roller pump , which DeBakey made at age 23 while still at Tulane University .
Venter himself recognized his own ADHD behavior in his adolescence , and later found ADHD-linked genes in his own DNA .
In 2010 , the British magazine New Statesman listed Craig Venter at 14th in the list of `` The World 's 50 Most Influential Figures 2010 '' .
He was listed on Time magazine 's 2007 and 2008 Time 100 list of the most influential people in the world .
John Craig Venter ( born October 14 , 1946 ) is an American biologist and entrepreneur .
Venter founded Celera Genomics , The Institute for Genomic Research and the J. Craig Venter Institute .
It has an area of 1,996 square kilometres ( 771 sq mi ) .
The capital of the district is the town of Mannar .
Mannar District ( Tamil : மன்னார் மாவட்டம் Maṉṉār Māvaṭṭam ; Sinhala : මන න රම ද ස ත ර ක කය ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka .
Mannar District is in the north west of Sri Lanka .
Between 1969 and 2003 , 824 Harrier variants were delivered .
A modified version , the BAE Systems\/Boeing Harrier II is used by the Royal Air Force and the Royal Navy .
Next , Hawker Aircraft came up with a design for an aeroplane that could meet the NATO specification for a `` light tactical support fighter '' .
The last remanufactured aircraft ( Harrier II Plus configuration ) was delivered in December 2003 .
There was no financial support for the development from HM Treasury , but support was found from NATO .
At present the Boeing\/BAE Systems AV-8B Harrier II is used by NATO countries such as the United States , Spain and Italy .
It is 900 km long , 4-20 m deep , and 7.3 km wide at the narrowest point .
Strait of Tartary ( Gulf of Tartary , Gulf of Tatary , Tatar Strait , Tartar Strait , Strait of Tartar ) is a strait in the Pacific Ocean .
On January 3 , 2008 Microsoft announced Halo 3 has sold 8.1 million copies worldwide .
More than a million people played the game on Xbox Live in the first 24 hours of its release .
During Halo 2 the Covenant discovered Earth .
Halo 3 sales reached $ 170 million within 24 hours , making it the biggest selling entertainment product launch in US history .
Halo 3 also introduces ` support weapons ' , large two handed weapons that slow the players movement but do a lot of damage .
By January 1 , 2008 it had sold over 8 million copies making it the best selling video game of 2007 .
The main character of Halo 3 , as in all the Halo games , is Master Chief .
The game came out on September 25 , 2007 all over the world , except Europe and Japan where it was released on September 26 .
There were almost 70 million Falun Gong practitioners in China , according to the Chinese government .
Falun Gong ( also known as Falun Dafa ) is a spiritual discipline from China .
The Chinese government claimed that Falun Gong spread superstitions , while other suggest that Falun Gong 's popularity challenges the rule of the Chinese Communist Party .
In 1999 , after a big Falun Gong gathering in front of a Chinese government building , the Communist Party of China said : people can not practice Falun Gong , it is `` illegal '' .
People who follow Falun Gong do five exercises and read books written by Li Hongzhi .
For this and other reasons , including a belief by many Mormons in American exceptionalism , Molly Worthen speculates that this may be why Leo Tolstoy described Mormonism as the `` quintessential ` American religion ' '' .
Mormons believe in Jesus Christ as the literal firstborn Son of God and Messiah , his crucifixion as a conclusion of a sin offering , and resurrection .
Much of the Mormon belief system is oriented geographically around the North and South American continents .
Mormons believe the people of the Book of Mormon lived in the western hemisphere , that Christ appeared in the western hemisphere after his death and resurrection , that the true faith was restored in upstate New York by Joseph Smith , and that the Garden of Eden and location of Christ 's second coming were and will be in the state of Missouri .
Additionally , Mormons do not believe in creation ex nihilo , they believe that matter is eternal , and that God organizes existing matter .
Some important differences with mainstream Christianity include : A belief that Jesus began his atonement from sin in the garden of Gethsemane and continued it until he was crucifixion , rather than the orthodox belief that the crucifixion alone was the physical atonement .
In English , the LDS Church accepts the King James Version of the Bible as a part of its official scripture .
Some people who call themselves Mormons are not part of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
However , Latter-day Saints ( LDS ) reject the ecumenical creeds and definition of the Trinity taught by the Roman Catholic Church , the Eastern Orthodox Church , the Anglican Communion , and Trinitarian Protestantism .
Nuclear weapons are also known as `` atomic bombs '' , `` atom bombs '' , or `` A-bombs '' .
Israel is thought to also have nuclear weapons , but the Israeli government does n't deny or confirm this .
This is the only time in history when nuclear weapons have been used in combat .
The delivery of the nuclear weapon to its target is as complex as making one .
Bread is often baked in an oven .
The Necronomicon is a fictional book of magic created by the horror writer H. P. Lovecraft .
Betty James moved the company to Hollidaysburg , Pennsylvania in 1964 .
The company liked her ideas and added Slinky Dog and Slinky Train to their line in 1952 .
Slinky joined the Toy Hall of Fame in 2000 .
The Jameses put Slinky on display at Gimbels department store in Philadelphia in November 1945 .
In 2003 , Slinky was named to the Toy Industry Association 's `` Century of Toys List '' , a roll call of the 100 most memorable and most creative toys of the twentieth century .
Other Slinky toys manufactured during the 1950s were the Slinky Dog , Suzie the Slinky Worm , and a pair of eyeglasses with eyeballs dangling at the end of two Slinkys .
She explained the toy 's appeal by saying , `` It 's the simplicity of it . ''
In 2006 Nickelback released the single `` Rockstar '' .
Nickelback is a band from Canada .
The 2003 invasion of Iraq ( March 20 , 2003 - December 18 , 2011 ) was the war fought by the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , and some other countries against Iraq , to end the rule of Saddam Hussein .
Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix + is a reissue of the game that was released only in Japan on March 29 , 2007 .
Kingdom Hearts II is a video game from the Kingdom Hearts series for the PlayStation 2 .
Kingdom Hearts II starts one year after the end of Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories and continues the story from Kingdom Hearts and Chain of Memories , for PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance .
It was released in Japan on December 22 , 2005 , in North America on March 28 , 2006 , and in Europe on September 29 , 2006 .
LM1 is now in a locked vault at the Mungo National Park visitor center .
New studies show that , using the length of his limb bones , it is possible to estimate LM3 's height at 196 centimetres ( 77 inches or 6 ft 5 in ) , unusually tall for an Aboriginal .
Reconstruction and study of the remains was mainly done by Alan Thorne at the Australian National University .
LM3 was buried lying on his back , with his hands joined together covering the groin .
LM1 was found in 1969 , and is widely considered the oldest known cremation in the world .
The sites are located near Lake Mungo , in New South Wales , Australia , in the World Heritage-listed Willandra Lakes Region .
LM3 was found by James Bowler on 26 February 1974 , when shifting sand dunes exposed the remains .
The skeleton was badly preserved : large pieces of the skull were missing , and most of the bones in the limbs were damaged .
His remains are the oldest human remains that have been found in Australia .
The body was covered with red ochre , in the earliest known example of such a complicated and artistic burial practice .
Based on this , it is likely that LM3 was quite old ( around 50 years old ) when he died .
They were found in 1969 by James Bowler with the University of Melbourne .
They are Lake Mungo 1 ( LM1 , or Mungo Lady ) , Lake Mungo 2 ( LM2 ) , and Lake Mungo 3 ( LM3 , or Mungo Man ) .
Like the cremation of LM1 , this indicates that certain cultural traditions have existed on the Australian continent for much longer than previously thought .
The skeleton was of a slender individual , quite different to the build of modern indigenous Australians .
A symphonic poem or tone poem is a piece of orchestral music which has a story attached to it or describes something such as poem or a painting or any idea which is not music .
It is formally named Yamashina no misasagi .
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Tenji 's mausoleum .
This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ( misasagi ) at Yamashina-ku , Kyoto .
Prince Ōtomo ( Ōtomo-shinnō ) was the favorite son of Emperor Tenji ; and he was also the first to be accorded the title of Daijō-daijin .
, 626 - January 7 , 671 ) , also known as Emperor Tenchi , was the 38th Emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Emperor Tenji ( 天智天皇 , Tenji-tennō ?
He was the son of Emperor Jomei .
Tenji improved the military forces which had been established during the Taika reforms .
The actual site of Tenji 's grave is known .
The Tyndale Bible also played a key role in spreading reformation ideas to England which had been reluctant to embrace the movement .
The Tyndale Bible generally refers to the body of biblical translations by William Tyndale .
Prior to his execution Tyndale had only finished translating the entire New Testament and roughly half of the Old Testament .
The term Tyndale 's Bible is not strictly correct , because Tyndale never published a complete Bible .
His work made up a significant portion of the Matthew Bible which was the first authorized version of the English Bible .
His translations laid the foundations for many of the English Bibles which followed his .
Two revised versions were latter published in 1534 and 1536 , both personally revised by Tyndale himself .
Tyndale 's Bible is credited with being the first English translation to come directly from Hebrew and Greek texts .
The legacy of Tyndale 's Bible can not be overstated .
After his death in 1536 Tyndale 's works have been revised and reprinted numerous times .
The chain of events that led to the creation of Tyndale 's New Testament started in 1522 .
He made his purpose known to the Bishop of London at the time Cuthbert Tunstall .
The first recorded complete edition of his New Testament was published in 1526 .
Tyndale 's translations were condemned by both church and state in England , where it must be said it took longer for the reform movement to take hold .
After this rejection Tyndale moved to the continent and ended up in Hamburg where he completed his New Testament in 1524 .
The main industries in Câmpulung Moldovenesc are dairy products , lumber , and ecotourism .
One can also enjoy the forests which surround Câmpulung or visit a monastery in one of the nearby villages .
You can go to Câmpulung Moldovenesc by both car and train .
The city is located on the banks of the Moldova River .
Some crabs also live in fresh water , or live completely on land .
They will eat molluscs , other crustaceans , worms , fungi and bacteria .
The smallest are the size of a pea ; the largest ( the Japanese spider crab ) grows to a leg span of 4 metres .
The closest relatives of the crabs are anomurans , a crustacean group which includes animals such as hermit crabs , king crabs and squat lobsters .
This season saw the league 's Board of Governors introduce the Presidents ' Trophy , which would go to the team with the best overall record in the NHL regular season .
The Montreal Canadiens defeated the Calgary Flames four games to one in the final series to win the Stanley Cup .
The 1985-86 NHL season was the 69th season of the National Hockey League .
The Edmonton Oilers would be the first winners of this award .
Note : GP = Games Played , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against , Pts = Points , PIM = Penalty Minutes
The Saar River flows through the district , the Moselle River forms the boundary in the west to Luxembourg .
The district was created in 1816 when the area became the property of Prussia .
After World War I the Saar area was under special government of the League of Nations , which did split the district into two parts .
In 1935 the Saar area rejoined Germany , however it took till after the World War II that the two district parts were reunited in 1946 .
Merzig-Wadern is a Kreis ( district ) in the northeast of the Saarland , Germany .
The area around Wadern stayed Prussian , while the Merzig area became part of the Saargebiet area .
This movie was an art film .
The Iranian women 's movement , also called the Persian women 's movement , involves the Iranian women 's social movement for women 's rights .
The movement emerged after the Iranian Constitutional Revolution .
It lasted until 1910 , when the first Women Journal was published by women , to 1933 , when which the last women 's association was dissolved by the Reza Shah 's government .
The Han River played an important role in Korean History .
However , it is no longer actively used for navigation because it is located at the borders of the two Koreas .
There are 27 Bridges crossing the Han River in Seoul National Capital Area ( Seoul , Gyeonggi , Incheon ) .
In Korea history , Han river played a central role .
The Han River originates from two rivers , the Namhan River and the Bukhan River , and it is called the Han River from which two rivers joins .
Shortly after flowing through Seoul the rover merges with the Imjin River and flows into the Yellow Sea .
In 553 , Silla broke its alliance with Baekje and took the control of the entire river .
The Han River is a major river in South Korea and the fourth longest river in the Korean Peninsula .
They recognized it as a primary waterway that links the central western region of the peninsula with the Yellow Sea .
Substituting this form for D in the expression for displacement current , it has two components : The first term on the right hand side is present everywhere , even in a vacuum .
Ampère 's circuital law is now known to be a correct law of physics in a magnetostatic situation : The system is static except possibly for continuous steady currents within closed loops .
The displacement current is justified today because it serves several requirements of an electromagnetic theory : correct prediction of magnetic fields in regions where no free current flows ; prediction of wave propagation of electromagnetic fields ; and conservation of electric charge in cases where charge density is time-varying .
Both contributions to the displacement current are combined by defining the displacement current as : where the electric displacement field is defined as : where ε0 is the electric constant , εr the relative static permittivity , and P is the polarization density .
By the Kelvin-Stokes theorem , this equation can also be written in a `` differential form '' .
Even though charges can not flow freely in a dielectric , the charges in molecules can move a little under the influence of an electric field .
For greater discussion see Displacement current .
It does n't involve any actual movement of charge , but it nevertheless has an associated magnetic field , as if it were an actual current .
In the modern post-aether era , the concept has been extended to apply to situations with no material media present , for example , to the vacuum between the plates of a charging vacuum capacitor .
The positive and negative charges in molecules separate under the applied field , causing an increase in the state of polarization , expressed as the polarization density P. A changing state of polarization is equivalent to a current .
The law can be written in two forms , the `` integral form '' and the `` differential form '' .
In a dielectric the above contribution to displacement current is also present , but a major contribution to the displacement current is related to the polarization of the individual molecules of the dielectric material .
It can also be written in terms of either the B or H magnetic fields .
In free space , the displacement current is related to the time rate of change of electric field .
The second term on the right hand side is the displacement current as originally conceived by Maxwell , associated with the polarization of the individual molecules of the dielectric material .
Maxwell 's original explanation for displacement current focused upon the situation that occurs in dielectric media .
Some authors apply the name displacement current to only this contribution .
In its original form , Ampère 's Circuital Law relates the magnetic field to its electric current source .
The forms are equivalent , and related by the Kelvin-Stokes theorem .
In all other cases the law is incorrect unless Maxwell 's correction is included ( see below ) .
The law relates magnetic fields to electric currents that produce them .
Again , the two forms are equivalent ( see the `` proof '' section below ) .
A scientist can use Ampere 's law to determine the magnetic field associated with a given current or current associated with a given magnetic field , if there is no time changing electric field present .
Ampère 's circuital law , discovered by André-Marie Ampère in 1826 , relates the magnetic field around a closed loop to the electric current passing through the loop .
Again , this equation only applies in the case where the electric field is constant in time ; see below for the more general form .
It is now one of Maxwell 's equations , which form the basis of classical electromagnetism .
In SI units ( the version in cgs units is in a later section ) , the `` integral form '' of the original Ampère 's circuital law is : or equivalently , where See below for further explanation of the curve C and surface S. There are a number of ambiguities in the above definitions that require clarification and a choice of convention .
In SI units , the equation states : where is the curl operator .
Heroes of Might & Magic VI is a computer game issued by Ubisoft .
On special religious occasions , mitho lolo , accompanied with milk is given to the poor .
The daily food in most Sindhi households consists of wheat-based flat-bread ( phulka ) and rice accompanied by two dishes , one gravy and one dry .
This section provides the translations between Hindi , Sindhi and English ( British and American ) cooking terms .
There occasional even in Sindhi for instance Hyderabadi Sindhi will refer to an egg as ` bedo ' however Sindhis from other parts will refer to it as ` ando ' .
If someone gets chicken pox and after it is gone , it is common to make an offering and make ` mitho lolo ' .
With over thirty million new classified advertisements each month , Craigslist is the leading classifieds service in any medium .
The site receives over two million new job listings each month .
In 2007 Craigslist operated with a staff of 24 people .
Its sole source of revenue is paid job ads in select cities ( $ 75 per ad for the San Francisco Bay Area ; $ 25 per ad for New York , Los Angeles , San Diego , Boston , Seattle , Washington , D.C. , Chicago and recently Portland , Oregon ) and paid broker apartment listings in New York City ( $ 10 per ad ) .
The site serves over nine billion page views per month , putting it in 56th place overall among web sites world wide , ninth place overall among web sites in the United States ( per Alexa.com on January 10 , 2008 ) , to over thirty million unique visitors .
The service was founded in 1995 by Craig Newmark for the San Francisco Bay Area .
After incorporation as a private for-profit company in 1999 , Craigslist expanded into nine more U.S. cities in 2000 , four each in 2001 and 2002 , and 14 in 2003 .
He learned the alphabet from his mother at the age of three .
José Rizal ( Born José Protacio Rizal Mercado y Alonso Realonda ) is a national hero of the Philippines .
It is one of the track events in the Olympic Games and the World Championships in Athletics .
While mainly run as an outdoor event , the 5000 m is sometimes run on an indoor track .
The 5000 metres ( about 3.1 mi or 16,404 ft ) is a popular running distance .
Strategies also play a key role , and the combination makes it attractive to many .
It is a distance race that demands a great deal of endurance as well as speed .
Official records are kept for both outdoor and indoor 5000 m track events , but not for 5 km road races .
Much of the distance 's popularity is due to the challenge it gives to both amateurs and professionals .
There is evidence for human behavioral learning prenatally , in which habituation has been observed as early as 32 weeks into gestation , indicating that the central nervous system is sufficiently developed and primed for learning and memory to occur very early on in development .
Learning may occur consciously or without conscious awareness .
There are a number of different types of learning : Learning may occur as a result of habituation or classical conditioning , seen in many animal species , or as a result of more complex activities such as play , seen only in relatively intelligent animals .
Pneumatics uses air , which is compressible , while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil or water .
Pneumatics is the use of pressurized air for mechanical motion .
electricity Both pneumatics and hydraulics are applications of fluid power .
He participated in jazz festivals in Russia and abroad , in radio and TV programs .
He cooperated with Stas Namin , the musician , composer , and record producer .
In 1985 he became a laureate of the Contest of Folk Instrument Performers in Russia .
His father played the garmon and accordion .
From 1998 he toured around Russia and abroad with the State Academic Folk Ensemble `` Rossiya '' Russia directed by Lyudmila Zykina .
Arhipovsky took part in festivals of Russian culture in the United States , China , South Korea , Germany , France , Spain and Bulgaria .
Later he entered Gnessin State Musical College , the department of folk instruments , class - balalaika .
Abdülaziz ( 8 February 1830 - 4 June 1876 ) was the 32nd Sultan of the Ottoman Empire .
Korean cuisine is mostly made up of rice , noodles , vegetables , and meats .
Most Korean meals have many side dishes ( called banchan ) along with their steam-cooked rice .
Sesame oil , doenjang , soy sauce , salt , garlic , ginger , pepper and gochujang are ingredients that are often used in the food .
Kimchi is usually eaten at every meal .
It is owned by ION Media Networks .
The channel started broadcasting on August 31 , 1998 as PAX TV , as Independent Television on July 1 , 2005 , and as Ion Television on January 29 , 2007 .
South China Sea Islands are 250 + small islands , atolls , cays , shoals , reefs , and sandbars in the South China Sea .
The major theory of Aphrodite 's birth was that she was the daughter of Zeus and Dione .
The Caesar cipher is one example of a substitution cipher .
Substitution ciphers are not safe enough to use for important messages .
He continues to serve as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) representing the Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency and holds the honorary title of `` Emeritus Senior Minister '' .
A member of the People 's Action Party ( PAP ) , he became Prime Minister on 28 November 1990 , succeeding Lee Kuan Yew , and served in the role until 12 August 2004 , when he stepped down and was succeeded by Lee Hsien Loong .
He subsequently served as Singapore 's Senior Minister until May 2011 , and as the Chairman of the Monetary Authority of Singapore .
In 1307 , many of the Order 's members in France were arrested , tortured into giving false confessions , and then burned at the stake .
The Templars ' success was tied closely to the Crusades ; when the Holy Land was lost , support for the Order faded .
The Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon ( Latin : Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Salomonici ) , commonly known as the Knights Templar or the Order of the Temple ( French : Ordre du Temple or Templiers ) , were among the most famous of the Western Christian military orders .
Templar knights wore white mantles quartered by a red cross and were among the most skilled fighting units of the Crusades .
It was officially endorsed by the Roman Catholic Church around 1129 , and became a favored charity by many Christians and grew fast in membership and power .
Those members of the Order that did not fight managed a large economic infrastructure throughout Christendom , innovating financial techniques that were an early form of banking , and building many fortifications throughout the Mediterranean and the Holy Land .
In 1312 , Pope Clement , under continuing pressure from King Philip , disbanded the Order .
Rumors about the Templars ' secret initiation ceremony created mistrust , and King Philip IV of France , deeply in debt to the Order , began pressuring Pope Clement V to take action against the Order .
The organization lasted for two centuries in the Middle Ages .
It is now in the Derby Museum and Art Gallery .
This dial can be used both to read solar time shown by sundials and also the mean time that is favored by clocks , with the practical purpose that observers can use the dial to calibrate their pocket watches , which in 1812 would not always run true .
Derby is at 1 ° 28 ′ 46.2 ″ West of Greenwich , so the sun is approximately 5 mins and 52.05 s later in reaching noon .
Significantly , on the plate we can see a pair of scales that help the observer make the equation of time correction .
The Whitehurst & Son Sundial was produced in Derby in 1812 by the nephew of John Whitehurst .
As the dial is now 0 ° 6 ′ 49 ″ , or about 1\/10th of a degree south - the nose of the gnomon needs to be raised by that amount .
Each day over a yearly cycle the shadow will be different from the day before , and the shadow is specific to the location of the dial , particularly its latitude .
The family business was known for their turret clocks .
The 15th April is one day when no conversion needs to be made .
The dial is designed to tell local apparent time so the longitude is not important .
This particular bronze sundial is marked `` Whitehurst and Son\/Derby\/1812 '' and is thought to have been made for George Benson Strutt ( who was the younger brother of the cotton spinner William Strutt ) , for his home Bridge Hill House , in Belper .
This has the precise location of 53 ° 1 ′ 49.08 ″ north , and 1 ° 29 ′ 26.88 ″ West of Greenwich , which is slightly different from those of Derby , at 52 ° 55 ′ 00 ″ north , , a difference of 6 ′ 49 ″ .
His nephew continued the business under the name of Whitehurst & Son .
In this case , noon will be at the point when the sun is highest in sky and due south , and standard time would be when the sun was due south at another point such as the Royal Observatory at Greenwich .
Here it is labeled `` Watch Slower , Watch Faster .
In the same manner , the half hours and the minute lines would be calculated .
John Whitehurst ( 1713-1788 ) was born in Congleton , but came to Derby where he became a watch and clock maker .
For instance at 3 hours after noon , we substitute the numbers 53.03 and 3 into the formula This generates these results The hours before noon are exactly the same , because the dial is symmetrical , so the other lines are mirror images of those above .
For each of the hours 1 to 6 , the formula is calculated .
It is accurate to the nearest minute .
In this design of sundial , the angle of the style to the dial plate is exactly the same as latitude , which is 53 ° 1 ′ 49 ″ ( the latitude of the Bridge Hill House ) .
In the horizontal sundial ( also called a garden sundial ) , the plane that receives the shadow is aligned horizontally .
The dial plate is strictly engraved with hour lines which were calculated using the formula : where λ is the sundial 's geographical latitude ( and the angle the style makes with horizontal ) , θ is the angle between a given hour-line and the noon hour-line ( which always points towards true North ) on the plane , and t is the number of hours before or after noon .
Hence , the line of shadow does not rotate uniformly on the dial face .
As noon is set exactly on the north-south line , and not 5 ' and 54 '' ( time difference between Belper and Greenwich ) to one side , we can tell that this dial is telling Belper time and not Greenwich time .
By 1820 watches manufacture had improved and the Lever escapement had become popular , so frequent calibration was no longer needed .
The Whitehurst family was known in Derby as skillful mechanics .
To construct a sundial , one must understand the geometry of the solar system , and particularly how the sun will cast a shadow onto a flat surface , in this case a horizontal surface .
A fixed noon and fixed day are essential for railways timetabling , so Greenwich Mean Time was adopted .
He moved to London to assume the post of Inspector of Weights .
Along side of it , another scale is engraved with the minutes on that day that the watch would be running faster or slower .
In the case of Midland Railway , it was by January 1848 .
The dial plate is not one complete circle but two semicircles separated by the thickness of the style .
The dial plate will be perfectly horizontal there .
The dial is stoutly made and has one thick style ( gnomon , a stick which casts shadow on the plate ) .
The Longitude is almost same , and gives only a 2 second time difference .
This is a precise sundial which tells not only local apparent time but also local mean time using a scale on it .
Mobility aids ( or orthopedic aids ) are devices that are designed to help people walk or move better .
Cranston grew up in Kirkland Lake , Ontario .
Toller Cranston ( born April 20 , 1949 in Hamilton , Ontario ) is a Canadian figure skater .
He was well-respected for his artistic ability , and is recognized as someone who brought a new level of artistry to men 's figure skating .
The use of glass is to allow dice to be thrown more easily .
There are three types of special boxes .
The objective of the game is to advance all the pieces to the end .
There are boards for 4 , 6 and 8 players .
There are some exceptions to this rule : The player can capture an opponent 's piece by placing his own piece on the same box as the other player 's piece .
Each player is given four pieces and uses a specific color .
The boards usually contain pictures of soccer teams , singers , actors , or other cultural figures on the jail boxes .
Adults usually play the game by betting money on the first piece , on capturing pieces , or on winning the game , to make gameplay more interesting .
Parqués stems directly from Pachisi in the same way as Parcheesi , Parchís or Ludo .
When he frees any piece from jail , the pieces placed on his HOME are captured , that is , sent to its jail , losing all their advances .
Parqués is played with two dice ; two to eight players can compete in the same match , depending on what type of game board is used .
The most common colors are red , blue , yellow and green , usually arranged in that order .
Parqués is a mixture of the original Indian game and the influences of local Colombian culture .
The player throws the dice three times and attempts to get a pair in order to `` free '' the pieces .
Capturing in Colombia is called `` eating '' ( `` comer '' in Spanish ) .
The board itself is usually placed on a box covered by glass .
Moreover , no Parqués game is played in any other Latin American countries , neither the world .
However , the player can capture pieces on his HOME box .
Each player can throw the dice once .
Parqués is the Colombian version of Pachisi , which originated in India .
The game is described as a `` random thinking '' one : the moves depend on the roll of the dice but players must consider possible strategies before executing their move .
Otherwise , he frees the pieces and wins an extra turn to move them .
There are versions of the board that are made from paper to make it portable .
If nobody notices , nothing happens .
This box is called `` Home '' , or `` Salida '' ( literally , `` exit '' in Spanish ) .
If a player does not roll any pairs during his turn , he passes the dice to the player on his right .
On that case , an opponent has to accuse him and the piece that did not capture must go to jail .
There is no proof to the claim that it stems from a country other than India .
The game can also be played with fewer than four pieces The jail box is where the pieces are placed at the beginning of the match and is where they go whenever an opponent `` captures '' them .
The pieces can not advance backwards and they can not be in any of the four boxes before their `` Home '' box .
However , he can not capture a piece that is on a SAFE or a HOME box .
The player can avoid capturing the piece .
Although it could be argued that the game comes from Spain ( exactly as a derivation from Parchís ) due to the similarity between both games , there is wide agreement in Colombia that the game is completely Colombian .
Rolling different pairs or `` doubles '' allows more pieces to be `` freed '' : When the pieces are freed , they are placed in a special box next to the jail .
In Colombia , people from all parts of the country play the game ; it is very popular , played by both children and adults .
He throws again and must move the values of the dice with his pieces .
Parqués is the Colombian board game .
residential area in the wood ) is a district of the city where the political leaders of the GDR lived isolated from the people .
This line of the Berlin S-Bahn connected Bernau with station Stettiner Bahnhof ( today Berlin Nordbahnhof ) in Berlin .
In 1842 a railway line was opened .
The Allgemeiner Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund ( ADGB ) ( General German Confederation of Trade Unions ) opened its school in 1930 .
The city is located about 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) northeast of Berlin .
Bernau bei Berlin ( English Bernau near Berlin ) is a German city in the Barnim district .
One of the first electrical suburban railway lines in the world has been opened in 1924 .
The Waldsiedlung ( engl .
Very dark brown to black hornblendes that contain titanium may be called basaltic hornblende , from the fact that they are usually a constituent of basalt and related rocks .
It is an isomorphous mixture of three molecules ; a calcium-iron-magnesium silicate , an aluminium-iron-magnesium silicate , and an iron-magnesium silicate .
Hornblende has a hardness of 5-6 , a specific gravity of 2.9-3 .4 and is typically an opaque green , greenish-brown , brown or black color .
It is the principal mineral of amphibolites .
Hornblende is not a recognized mineral in its own right , but the name is used as a general or field term , to refer to a dark amphibole .
It is most often confused with the minerals augite and biotite mica , both of which are black and can be found in granite .
Hornblende is a common constituent of many igneous and metamorphic rocks such as granite , diorite , gabbro , basalt , andesite , gneiss , and schist .
The word hornblende is derived from the German horn and blenden , to ` blind ' or ` dazzle ' .
After Prussia was dissolved by the allied powers in 1947 , the area was divided between the German states of Brandenburg , Mecklenburg , Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt und Thuringia .
The Soviet Occupation Zone ( German : Sowjetische Besatzungszone ( SBZ ) or Ostzone Russian : Советская зона Германии , Sovetskaya zona Germanii , `` Soviet Zone of Germany '' ) was the area of eastern Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on , at the end of World War II .
The Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) and the Communist Party of Germany were merged into the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( which became the governing party of East Germany ) .
On October 8 , 1949 , the Soviet zone became the German Democratic Republic , usually known simply as East Germany .
This became East Germany The Soviet occupation zone included the central parts of Prussia .
The Soviet Military Administration in Germany ( German initials : SMAD ) allowed four political parties to form , but they all had to work in the `` All-Party Committee '' ( the `` Nationale Front '' ) .
It is the capital of Belize 's Stann Creek District and also the largest town in southern Belize .
It is served by the Dangriga Airport .
The city is served by Southern Regional Hospital .
Dangriga , formerly known as Stann Creek Town , is a town in southern Belize .
Dangriga is a Garífuna word meaning `` standing waters '' .
Humans have been born to express their own unique individuality in everything they do - `` creating true art '' .
To assist them in improving their lives and overcoming hardships believers are taught why they have these problems and are guided in solving them by the Patriarch ( Oshieoya-sama ) and ministers .
After the Meiji Restoration , the area of Hyūga Province was renamed Miyazaki Prefecture .
Miyazaki Prefecture ( 宮崎県 , Miyazaki-ken ? )
Miyazaki Prefecture is on the eastern coast of the island of Kyūshū .
is a prefecture in the Kyūshū region of Japan on the island of Kyushu .
Miyazaki is one of only two locations on Earth where the fungus Chorioactis geaster lives .
Jim Harbaugh ( born December 23 , 1963 ) is the head coach of the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League and former NFL quarterback .
In the game , Harbaugh challenged a scoring play .
After kissing a prince who 's been turned into a frog by an evil witch doctor , Tiana becomes a frog herself .
The story is of a hardworking waitress named Tiana who dreams of owning her own restaurant .
The movie is loosely based on the novel The Frog Princess by E. D. Baker .
It was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures .
The movie was in movie theaters in New York and Los Angeles on November 25 , 2009 .
Hippolytus of Rome knew Sabellius personally and mentioned him in the Philosophumena .
One author has described Sabellius ' teaching thus : The true question , therefore , turns on this , viz. , what is it which constitutes what we name ` person ' in the Godhead ?
Tertullian seems to suggest that the majority of believers at that time favored the Sabellian view of the oneness of God .
Modalism has been mainly associated with Sabellius , who taught a form of it in Rome in the third century .
The former Sabellius denied ; the latter he fully admitted .
Or does it belong to and arise from the exhibitions and developments which the divine Being has made of himself to his creatures ?
The following excerpts which demonstrate some of the known doctrinal characteristics of ancient Sabellians may be seen to compare with the doctrines in the modern Oneness movement : Sabellianism was doctrine taught by a sect of the Montanists .
Saballianism was also referred to by the following Church fathers : Sabellianism teaching of Modalism and singular name baptism was also accompanied by glossolalia and prophecy among the abovementioned sect of Montanists .
Is it original , substantial , essential to divinity itself ?
Oneness Pentecostalism teaches that the Father ( a spirit ) is united with Jesus ( a man ) as the Son of God .
Historic Sabellianism taught that God the Father was the only person of the Godhead , a belief known as Monarchianism .
It is easy to think Tertullian and Hippolytus misrepresented the opinions of their opponents .
He knew Sabellius disliked Trinitarian theology , but he said Modal Monarchism was the heresy of Noetos , not that of Sabellius .
All of his original works were burned .
Epiphanius ( Haeres 62 ) about 375 AD notes that Sabellius still had many followers , both in Mesopotamia and at Rome .
The number three is the number that is central to the word `` Trinity '' .
Sabellianism has been rejected by the majority of Christian churches in favor of Trinitarianism .
It is important to note that our only sources available for our understanding of Sabellianism are from people who opposed it .
The second general council at Constantinople in 533 AD declared the baptism of Sabellius to be invalid , which indicates that Sabellianism was still around .
Sabellianism is also known as modalism , modalistic monarchianism , or modal monarchism .
Demetrius , Patriarch of Alexandria , wrote many letters to them arguing against this belief .
The text is mainly known from the King James Version of the Bible and some versions of the Textus Receptus .
Modalists say that the only number given to God in the Holy Bible is One .
Shales and mudrocks contain roughly 95 percent of the organic matter in all sedimentary rocks .
Shales are typically deposited in very slow moving water and are often found in lakes and lagoonal deposits , in river deltas , on floodplains and offshore from beach sands .
Mudstones , on the other hand , are similar in composition but do not show the fissility .
However , this amounts to less than one percent by mass in an average shale .
They can also be deposited on the continental shelf , in relatively deep , quiet water .
Shale is characterized by breaks along thin laminae or parallel layering or bedding less than one centimeter in thickness , called `` fissility '' ( = ~ splitting ) .
` Black shales ' are dark , as a result of being especially rich in unoxidized carbon .
The ratio of clay to other minerals is variable .
They are common in some Palaeozoic and Mesozoic strata , Some black shales contain abundant heavy metals such as molybdenum , uranium , vanadium , and zinc .
The mud is a mix of flakes of clay minerals and tiny fragments ( silt-sized particles ) of other minerals , especially quartz and calcite .
Shale is a fine-grained sedimentary rock formed from mud .
Black shales are deposited in anoxic or low oxygen environments , such as in stagnant water columns .
Russell joined the Socialist Party of America in 1908 .
Russell was an editorial writer for social democratic magazine The New Leader .
Russell was the Socialist candidate for Governor of New York in 1910 and 1912 .
In 1928 he won a Pulitzer Prize for The American Orchestra and Theodore Thomas .
His father was a newspaper editor at the Davenport Gazette .
Charles Edward Russell was born in Davenport , Iowa on September 25 , 1860 .
Russell acted in the 1917 movie The Fall of the Romanoffs .
Charles Edward Russell ( September 25 , 1860 - April 23 , 1941 ) was an American journalist and politician .
Russell went to St. Johnsbury Academy for high school .
For the rest of his life Russell worked on the board of directors .
Only one species , Rapetosaurus krausei , has been found .
An adult would have been about twice as long ( 15 metres ( 49 ft ) in length ) , which is still less than half the length of its gigantic kin , like Argentinosaurus and Paralititan .
It is 8 metres ( 26 ft ) from head to tail , and `` probably weighed about as much as an elephant '' , according to Kristina Curry Rogers .
The titanosaurs were the dominant herbivores of the Upper Cretaceous on the southern continents which made up Gondwana .
Like other sauropods , Rapetosaurus was a quadrupedal herbivore .
Rapetosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur .
Their reign was cut short by the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event .
He traveled a lot over a period of 40 years to investigate 3,000 childhood cases that suggested to him the possibility of past lives .
Canberra Airport is managed and operated by the Canberra Airport Group Pty Ltd. .
In 1962 the military side of the Airport was renamed RAAF Base Fairbairn .
Canberra International Airport ( IATA : CBR , ICAO : YSCB ) , known as Canberra Airport , is the airport for Australia 's capital city , Canberra , and the city of Queanbeyan , NSW .
On 13 August 1940 , in Canberra air disaster , a RAAF Lockheed Hudson flying from Melbourne crashed into a small hill east of the airport .
Air Pacific briefly offered a service to Fiji in 2004 .
In early December 2007 , plans were announced to construct a new terminal , but these plans were placed on hold in late 2008 .
The land is currently divided into five areas : The airport was built in the 1920s , not long after the National Capital site was decided .
The airport is also the base for Brindabella Airlines .
Four crew and six passengers were killed .
The RAAF area was renamed Defense Establishment Fairbairn .
Canberra Airport is the 8th busiest airport in Australia .
The Fairbairn Airbase was named after him .
Canberra International Airport Pty Ltd took over the airport in 1998 .
The north-east part of the Airport is called the Fairbairn Business Park .
Travel times can be much longer at peak times due to traffic congestion .
In 1939 , the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) took over the airport , but kept an area for civil aviation .
Canberra Airport handled more than three million passengers in 2009 .
The names for the region in the different local languages all translate to `` mountainous Karabakh '' , or `` mountainous black garden '' .
From there travelers visited Holland and Flanders before returning across the Channel to England .
From Venice the traveler went to Rome to study the ruins of ancient Rome .
From Paris he would go to Switzerland for a while , often to Geneva .
An example would be a British tourist would go from Dover , England and crossed the English Channel to Ostend , in the Spanish Netherlands\/Belgium , or Calais , or Le Havre in France .
From here the traveler went north through the Alps to the German-speaking parts of Europe .
From there the traveler would make a difficult crossing over the Alps into northern Italy .
Some travelers also visited Naples to study music .
Once in Italy the tourist would visit Turin , then might spend a few months in Florence .
Or they could make the trip by boat , traveling up the Seine to Paris , or up the Rhine to Basel .
Helen Hayes Brown ( October 10 , 1900 - March 17 , 1993 ) was an American actress .
Helen Hayes was born in Washington D.C. on October 10 , 1890 .
Her first sound movie The Sin of Madelon Claudet ( 1931 ) brought her Academy Award for Best Actress .
In 1917 Helen graduated from the Academy of the Sacred Heart Convent in Washington .
Her father , Francis van Arnum Brown , was a meat salesman .
By the age of ten , she had made a short movie .
Known as the `` First Lady of the American Theatre '' , she is one of only thirteen people to win all four main American entertainment awards - Emmy , Grammy , Oscar and Tony .
Hayes also received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1986 , the National Medal of Arts in 1988 and was awarded at the Kennedy Center Honors in 1981 .
and Hedda Gabler .
In 1986 , he moved with his first wife to Jacksonville , Florida .
He co-starred with Kate Burton in both Give Me Your Answer , Do !
In 1999 , he played the part of Willie Oban in The Iceman Cometh with Kevin Spacey .
He had trouble finding work as an actor so he took retail jobs and worked as a freelance illustrator .
In 2001 , he won an Emmy Award as `` Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series '' , for playing the ( fictional ) confessed serial killer William Hinks in several episodes of The Practice .
In 1998 , he acted with Uma Thurman in the off-Broadway production of The Misanthrope .
He starred as Oscar Wilde in Moises Kaufman 's play , Gross Indecency : The Trials of Oscar Wilde , and then was in many other plays .
He studied theater and art at Drake University in Des Moines , Iowa , and graduated in 1976 .
He was originally planned to be in a small number of episodes , but he returned for season 3 as a main cast member .
In 2006 , Emerson began guest-starring on the television series Lost as Henry Gale\/Ben Linus .
Emerson thought about not being an actor and being a teacher instead , because it is a more stable job .
Margaret Mackall Smith Taylor ( September 21 , 1788 - August 14 , 1852 ) , wife of Zachary Taylor , the President of the United States .
When she was visiting her sister in Kentucky in 1809 , she met Zachary Taylor .
Matthew was one of Jesus ' disciples .
Many tree frogs can change their color for better camouflage .
They do not normally descend to the ground , except to mate and spawn , though some build foam nests on leaves and rarely leave the trees at all as adults .
While some reach 10 cm ( 4 in ) or more , they are typically smaller and more slender than terrestrial frogs .
Tree frogs are usually tiny , as their weight has to be carried by the branches and twigs of their habitat .
The genus Chiromantis is most extreme in this respect : it can oppose two fingers to the other two , resulting in a vice-like grip .
Typical for `` tree frogs '' are the well-developed discs at the finger and toe tips ; the fingers and toes themselves as well as the limbs tend to be rather long , resulting in a superior grasping ability .
There are two cover songs on the album ; `` Swallow My Pride '' is a Green River cover and `` Fopp '' is an Ohio Players cover .
The album combines the band 's first two EPs : Screaming Life ( 1987 ) and Fopp ( 1988 ) .
It was released on May 11 , 1990 through Sub Pop Records .
All songs written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil , except where noted : Recorded for Screaming Life : Recorded for Fopp :
Screaming Life\/Fopp is a compilation album by the grunge band Soundgarden .
Here his first two operas , Almira and Nero , were produced early in 1705 .
One of these , Zadok the Priest , has been sung at every coronation ceremony since .
In 1731 Handel was commissioned to write four anthems for the coronation ceremony of King George II .
Two other early operas , Daphne and Florindo , were produced at Hamburg in 1708 .
In 1710 Handel became Kapellmeister ( music director ) to George , Elector of Hanover , who would soon be King George I of Great Britain .
He was buried with full state honors in Westminster Abbey .
The march from this work is now the regimental slow march of the British Grenadier Guards .
His opera Rodrigo was produced in Florence in 1707 , and his Agrippina at Venice in 1709 .
The house is now called Handel House Museum and is open to the public .
He wrote sacred music ( church music ) and other pieces in an operatic style , e.g. Dixit Dominus ( 1707 ) .
In Victorian era London , the butler Sebastian takes care of his 12 year old master , Ciel Phantomhive .
She was also named `` One of the Best New Artists of 2006 '' by AOL and the `` Top Songwriter of 2006 '' by ASCAP .
Her solo debut album , LeToya , topped the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart in July 2006 and was certified platinum by the RIAA in December 2006 .
LeToya Nicole Luckett ( born March 11 , 1981 ) , known professionally as LeToya , is an American R&B singer , actress and songwriter .
It achieved records on BET 's top ten countdown show 106 & Park .
Auditions were made , then Naty Quinones and Tiffany Beaudoin were selected as members .
Their production company which handled the group fell through , and the members of Anjel went on to pursue solo projects .
Luckett 's second album , Lady Love , was scheduled for a spring 2008 release .
She is a former member of the R&B female group , Destiny 's Child with whom she won two Grammy Awards , but when the group was successfully prompted in the world she was forced to leave .
In 2004 , Capitol Records signed Luckett , then she started her solo career .
The wind has kinetic energy ( movement energy ) which is changed into mechanical energy by the blades on the turbine .
The desire for sex is wired deep into the brain of all human beings as glands secrete hormones that travel through the blood to the brain and stimulates the onset of sexual desire .
The treat motivates the animals to perform the trick consistently , even later when the treat is removed from the process .
A drive or desire is a deficiency or need that activates behavior aimed at a goal or an incentive .
For example , hunger is a motivation which causes a desire to eat .
By contrast , outside rewards and stimuli are used in training animals by giving them treats when they perform a trick correctly .
Drives often occur within the individual and may not need external stimuli to encourage the behavior .
The Estonians speak a Finno-Ugric language , known as Estonian .
Although Estonia is traditionally grouped as one of the Baltic countries , Estonians are linguistically and ethnically unrelated to the Baltic peoples of Latvia and Lithuania .
Estonians ( Estonian : eestlased , previously maarahvas ) are a Finnic people closely related to the Finns and inhabiting , primarily , the country of Estonia .
Michael Gough ( November 23 , 1916 - March 17 , 2011 ) was an English character actor who as appeared in over 150 movies .
Gough and actor Pat Hingle are the only two actors to appear in all 4 Batman movies directed by Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher .
Flerovium is a chemical element .
It is a synthetic element .
The discovery of Flerovium in December 1998 was reported in January 1999 by scientists at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna , Russia .
A chocolate chip cookie is a drop cookie from the United States .
The chocolate chip cookie was the accidental invention of Ruth Graves Wakefield .
Although easy to make at home , chocolate chip cookies can be bought ready-made in bakeries and stores .
The Gospel of Matthew is a book of the Bible .
A 25th anniversary special edition DVD , featuring a remastered version of the movie and a disc of extras , was released on October 10 , 2006 .
On a hill Vixey joins Tod as he looks down on the homes of Copper and Tweed .
The novel was mainly about Tod 's life in the woods .
On May 2 , 2000 , it was released to Region 1 DVD for the first time under the `` Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection '' .
Its first home video release , on VHS format , came on March 4 , 1994 as the last video of the `` Walt Disney Classics '' collection ( it was not included in the `` Masterpiece Collection '' ) .
A direct-to-video midquel , The Fox and the Hound 2 , was released on December 12 , 2006 .
Meanwhile , Tweed 's neighbor , a hunter named Amos Slade , brings home a young hound puppy named Copper and introduces him to his hunting dog Chief .
While he was raised by humans he was not childhood friends with Copper and none of the animals spoke .
It was re-released to theaters on March 25 , 1988 .
Copper , before resting , smiles as he remembers the day when he became friends with Tod .
While playing with Copper at his home , Tod awakens Chief .
The movie stars the voices of Kurt Russell , Mickey Rooney , Pearl Bailey , Pat Buttram , Sandy Duncan , Richard Bakalyan , Paul Winchell , Jack Albertson , Jeanette Nolan , John Fiedler , John McIntire , Keith Mitchell , and Corey Feldman .
At home , Tweed nurses Slade back to health while the dogs rest .
Tod and Copper become playmates , and promise to remain `` friends forever '' .
The Fox and the Hound was first released to theaters on July 10 , 1981 .
The book had a more realistic story , it dealt with the quest of a hunter and his dog Copper to shoot Tod after he killed the hunter 's new dog Chief .
Slade and Chief chase him until they are stopped by Tweed .
Copper and Slade blame Tod for Chief 's accident and they swear that they will get them if it is the last thing they do .
The story was changed to make it more suitable for a family movie ; instead of a story about the life and death of a fox , it became a parable about how society determines our roles despite our better impulses .
Slade trips and gets caught in one of his own traps .
The Fox and the Hound is a 1981 American animated movie produced by Walt Disney Productions , first released to movie theaters in the United States on July 10 , 1981 .
After an argument , Slade says that he wants to kill Tod and he will do anything to get him .
Copper lets Tod go and leads Chief and Slade to go a different way then to Tod , and Tod tries to escape on a railroad track .
Meanwhile , Big Mama tells Tod that his friendship with Copper can not continue , because they are natural enemies , but Tod does not want to believe her .
As Copper approaches Tod as he lies in the lake below , Slade appears and is ready to fire at Tod , but Copper puts his body in front of Tod , and refuses to move away .
The 24th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics , the movie is about two unlikely friends , a red fox and a hound dog , who have trouble preserving their friendship because of their emerging instincts .
Months pass , and Tod and Copper are now adults .
An owl named Big Mama and her two bird friends , a sparrow named Dinky and a woodpecker named Boomer , arrange for him to be adopted by a widow named Widow Tweed .
She names him Tod , since he reminds her of a toddler .
Tweed knows that Tod is no longer safe with her and leaves him in a game preserve .
There are two basic kinds of cards : `` spells '' and `` lands '' .
A player starts the game with twenty `` life points '' .
A player can have no more than seven cards at the end of their turn .
Richard Garfield started to make the game at University of Pennsylvania .
Lands give its player `` mana '' ( magical energy ) .
Players begin the game by shuffling their decks ( mixing up their cards ) and then taking up seven cards .
A player may only play one land each turn .
Magic : The Gathering is a trading card game .
Players can play in tournaments , and there are even professional Magic players .
More powerful spells take more mana to play .
Players takes one new card at the start of each turn , but the first player does not take a card on their first turn .
The Holy Spirit , or Holy Ghost , is a part of the triune godhead ( three in one God ) of Christianity .
Nakajima started his career in racing in 1996 , when he started karting .
Nakajima 's debut in a Formula One car came at Fuji Speedway during November 2006 , where he completed four demonstration laps in wet conditions .
Nakajima stayed in Japanese Formula Three for 2005 , finishing second .
In 2002 , Nakajima won a scholarship in Formula Toyota , which he became champion in a year later .
Nakajima also served as Williams ' test driver , completing 7,000 km of testing for the team .
Williams signed Rubens Barrichello and Nico Hülkenberg for 2010 , leaving Nakajima without a seat .
Nakajima 's first year in GP2 finished with no wins , but five consecutive podiums and ended the year as top rookie .
On 7 November it was confirmed by Williams that Nakajima would partner Rosberg at the Williams team for the 2008 season .
His father had been backed by Toyota 's arch-rivals Honda through his career .
His younger brother , Daisuke , is also a racing driver .
Nakajima was retained by Williams for the 2009 season .
He progressed onto Japanese Formula Three in 2004 , winning two of the 20 races and finishing fifth in the Drivers ' Championship .
Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota he would shield himself against any claims that his father had promoted his career .
He is the son of the retired Formula One driver Satoru Nakajima .
He set the fifth fastest lap - quicker than his team-mate Nico Rosberg , who finished fourth .
At the Australian Grand Prix he crashed into the wall at turn six , putting him out of the race .
Kazuki Nakajima ( 中嶋 一貴 , Nakajima Kazuki ?
In Singapore , Nakajima made it to the third qualifying round for the first time .
It was announced on 9 October 2007 that following the retirement of Alexander Wurz , Nakajima would race for Williams in the season finale in 2007 Brazilian Grand Prix .
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate fastest lap ) ( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position )
The FIA ruled that Stefan GP could not be entered for the season at such a late stage .
He also raced in the Japanese GT300 sports car series , where he ended the year eighth .
He then finished seventh in the Spanish Grand Prix .
Stefan GP was not accepted as an entrant in the Formula One world championship .
He crashed two laps from the end of the Monaco Grand Prix whilst running in 10th place .
Nakajima scored again at the British Grand Prix .
Nakajima scored two points at Monaco .
Nakajima raced in the GP2 series in 2007 for the DAMS team .
In November 2006 , Nakajima was named a Williams test driver for the 2007 season .
Prior to that he had been their test driver .
Stefan GP announced on 19 February 2010 that Nakajima was one of the team 's drivers .
The primary algebra is mainly a simpler notation for Boolean algebra , except for one thing .
Since then , music publishers only have to submit copies to DMA , which covers both national archiving and copyright registration .
As a result there are two libraries in Germany , which assume the duties and function of a national library for the later GDR and the Federal Republic of Germany , respectively .
Coordinates : 51 ° 19 ′ 20.44 ″ N 12 ° 23 ′ 48.11 ″ E \/ 51.3223444 ° N 12.3966972 ° E \/ 51.3223444 ; 12.3966972 ( German National Library , Leipzig Building ) The main building of the German National Library in Leipzig was built 1914-1916 after plans of the architect Oskar Pusch .
In July 2000 , the DMA also assumed the role as repository for GEMA , Gesellschaft für musikalische Aufführungs - und mechanische Vervielfältigungsrechte , a German music copyright organization .
The Library began its work in the tobacco room of the former Rothschild library , which served the bombed university library as accommodation .
The central reading room contains a picture by Ludwig von Hofmann , depicting Arcadia in Art Nouveau-style .
The expansion of the collection brief to include online publications set the course for collecting , cataloguing and storing such publications as part of Germany 's cultural heritage .
On the facade , the portraits of Otto von Bismarck , Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Johannes Gutenberg are displayed .
A third facility , the Deutsches Musikarchiv Berlin ( founded 1970 ) , deals with all music-related archiving ( both printed and recorded materials ) .
Publishers of printed and recorded music in Germany are required by law ( since 1973 ) to deliver two copies of every edition to the archive .
The US military government gave its approval .
For example , it is the leading partner in developing and maintaining bibliographic rules and standards in Germany and plays a significant role in the development of international library standards .
The city of Frankfurt agreed to support the planned archive library with personnel and financial resources .
The 210,000 works of printed music previously held by GEMA were transferred to DMA .
Statues represent Technology , Justice , Philosophy , Medicine etc. .
The Library 's highest management body , the Administrative Council , was expanded to include two MPs from the Bundestag .
The federal state representatives of the book trade in the American zone agreed to the proposal .
In 1946 Dr. Georg Kurt Schauer , Heinrich Cobet , Vittorio Klostermann and Professor Hanns Wilhelm Eppelsheimer , director of the Frankfurt University Library , initiated the re-foundation of a German archive library based in Frankfurt am Main .
The German National Library maintains co-operative external relations on the national and international level .
In 1912 , the town of Leipzig , seat of the annual Leipzig Book Fair , the kingdom of Saxony and the Börsenverein der Deutschen Buchhändler ( Association of German booksellers ) agreed to found a German National Library located in Leipzig .
In the same year , Dr. Gustav Wahl was elected as the first director .
Situated in Berlin 's Lichterfelde , the DMA constitutes a department of the German National Library ( Deutsche Nationalbibliothek ) .
The cooperation with publishers is regulated by law since 1935 for the Deutsche Bücherei Leipzig , since 1969 for the Deutsche Bibliothek Frankfurt .
The impressive facade is 160 m long and faces the `` Deutscher Platz '' .
The `` Law regarding the German National Library '' came into force on 29 June 2006 .
Starting January 1 , 1913 , all publications in German language were systematically collected ( including books from Austria and Switzerland ) .
Duties are shared between the facilities in Leipzig and Frankfurt am Main , with each center having a specific specialty area .
The law also changed the name of the library and its buildings in Leipzig , Frankfurt am Main and Berlin into `` Deutsche Nationalbibliothek '' .
The building was opened on October 19 , 1916 , one day after the monument for the Battle of the Nations .
The building lot of the library had been donated by the city of Leipzig , while Friedrich August III , king of Saxony provided the funds for the building .
Construction work began in 2006 and is to be completed in 2009 .
The stock of books already in existence was stored at the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg .
The DMA is planned to move to Leipzig , to be housed in an extension of the Deutsche Nationalbibliothek in Leipzig .
Its task is to collect , archive , document and record bibliographically all German and German language publications from 1913 on , foreign publications about Germany , translations of German works , and the works of German-speaking emigrants published abroad between 1933 and 1945 , and to make them available to the public .
With the unification of Germany on 3 October 1990 , the Deutsche Bücherei Leipzig and the Deutsche Bibliothek Frankfurt am Main were merged in the new institution Die Deutsche Bibliothek .
It is a federal agency founded in 1970 with the task to collect all music published in the country .
Its precursor was the Deutsche Musik-Phonothek ( 1961-1969 ) .
The German National Library ( Deutsche Nationalbibliothek , abbreviated DNB ) is the central library and national bibliographic center for the Federal Republic of Germany .
One copy is kept at the DMA in Berlin , the second is deposited in the music collection of the Deutsche Nationalbibliothek in Leipzig .
Two national bibliographic catalogues appear , which are almost identical in content .
The Library includes a museum for books and letters as well .
Applicable locations are listed on the event 's specific article .
The Allan Cup is the trophy awarded to the national senior amateur men 's ice hockey champions of Canada .
-LCB- \* -RCB- denotes event held in multiple locations .
In 1958 , Emerson left the show to star in a play and was replaced by actress Betsy Palmer .
GSN ran a revival from April 17 to June 9 , 2006 with an all-gay panel .
He would then ask them to `` whisper your secret to me , and we 'll show it to the folks at home . ''
The panelists on this revival were Richard Dawson , Henry Morgan , New York-based entertainment critic Pat Collins , and Elaine Joyce .
Moore was replaced by Steve Allen on September 21 , 1964 .
Secrets were always intended to be unusual , amazing , embarrassing or humorous .
Panelists in the Oxygen version included Jim J. Bullock , Jason Kravits , Amy Yasbeck , and Teri Garr .
These demonstrations sometimes included the host , and sometimes one or more of the panelists .
The show was first hosted by radio and television personality Garry Moore .
Former panelist Bill Cullen hosted the show for its short 1976 CBS summer run .
The host would then choose a panelist to begin asking questions .
Sometimes , guest hosts substituted for Moore , including panelists Morgan and Palmer .
Sometimes , though , the celebrity would say `` and this is I 've Got a Secret ! ''
On each usual episode , a celebrity guest came on the show with a secret .
The GSN version was hosted by Bil Dwyer ; the panelists were Billy Bean , Frank DeCaro , Jermaine Taylor , and Suzanne Westenhoefer .
The celebrity usually started the episode by coming out from the behind the curtain and saying `` my name is ( Name ) and I 've Got a Secret ! ''
I 've Got a Secret was a weekly game show produced by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman for CBS television .
The Oxygen channel version of the show was hosted by Stephanie Miller until August 2001 .
Garry Moore left the show after the 1963-64 season , after his comedy program The Garry Moore Show was canceled , and he decided to retire from television to travel around the world with his wife .
Another production ran on the Oxygen cable channel in a daily version , airing from 2000 through 2003 .
After several months of an panel that kept changing , the show settled down to include game show host Bill Cullen , comedian Henry Morgan , TV hostess Faye Emerson , and actress Jayne Meadows .
In October 2006 , GSN decided not to renew the show for a second season , although reruns remained on its schedule for some time afterward .
The show was created by comedy writers Allan Sherman and Howard Merrill .
Each round was a guessing game .
When the show first started , each panelist had 15 seconds of questioning of a guest .
The following year , Meadows moved to the West Coast to live with her husband Steve Allen and was replaced by former Miss America Bess Myerson .
Then the host would give the panel a clue .
They often were about what happened to a person , owning something , or a job , hobby , success or skill .
The show was canceled in 1967 and then brought back for the 1972-1973 season in once-a-week syndication and again from June 15 to July 6 , 1976 , for a summer run .
A number of famous people appeared with secrets , including Col. Harland Sanders who founded Kentucky Fried Chicken ( `` I started my restaurant with my first Social Security check '' ) , Philo T. Farnsworth ( `` I invented electronic television '' ) , Pete Best ( `` I used to be one of THE BEATLES '' ) , and an elderly man , Samuel Seymour , who was the last surviving eyewitness to Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ( he was 5 years old at the time ) .
The first episode of the show aired on June 19 , 1952 and ran until April 3 , 1967 .
The contestant would then whisper their secret to the host , while the audience and television viewers were shown the secret by writing printed on the television screen .
Allen also hosted the show during the 1972-1973 revival .
In later times , the panelists were sometimes buzzed when they were too close to the secret , or at a point that would get a laugh .
Also , other comedians and celebrities guested for the panel when they were away .
The host would tell the name the contestant or ask their name and where they were from .
Instead , the celebrity would just come out with a challenge for the panel .
For example , a game in which Woody Allen challenged the panel to guess words by what children had said they meant , which became the basis for Child 's Play .
One or more contestants would walk on .
The idea of a `` secret '' on the show was very broad .
In the beginning , the celebrities would have a secret .
Later , Ronald Fisher and J.B.S. Haldane showed that discrete mutations were compatible with gradual evolution : see the modern evolutionary synthesis .
Bateson first used the term `` genetics '' publicly at the Third International Conference on Plant Hybridization in London in 1906 .
Bateson co-discovered genetic linkage with Reginald Punnett , and he and Punnett founded the Journal of Genetics in 1910 .
Bateson also coined the term `` epistasis '' to describe the genetic interaction of two independent traits .
Although this was three years before Wilhelm Johannsen used the word `` gene '' to describe the units of hereditary information , De Vries had introduced the word `` pangene '' for the same concept already in 1889 and etymologically the word genetics finds its origin in Darwin 's concept of pangenesis .
He was the first person to use the term genetics to describe the study of heredity , and the chief populariser of the ideas of Gregor Mendel , after their rediscovery in 1900 by Hugo de Vries and Carl Correns .
William Bateson ( Yorkshire , 8 August 1861 - 8 February 1926 ) was a British zoologist , a Fellow of St. John 's College , Cambridge University .
Bateson was the first to suggest the word `` genetics '' to describe the study of inheritance , in a letter to Adam Sedgwick , dated April 18 , 1905 .
It also had religious and strategic importance to the Armenians , housing the Ghazanchetsots Cathedral , the church of Kanach Zham and serving ( along with Lachin district to the west ) as a land link to Armenia .
The city was also a major center of Armenian cultural and economic life until the World War I. Along with Tbilisi ; it was one of the two main Armenian cities of the Transcaucasus and the center of a self-governing Armenian principality in the 1720s .
On May 8-9 , 1992 the city was captured by Armenian armed forces .
After serving as a town and an ancient fortress in the Armenian Principality of Varanda , Shusha was turned into the capital of the Karabakh khanate .
Shusha was a popular mountainous-climatic recreation resort in the Soviet Union .
Shusha also known as Shushi ( Armenian : Շուշի ) is a town in the region of Nagorno-Karabakh , in self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic .
In mathematics , a magma is kind of algebraic structure .
It is a set with a binary operation on that set .
Wagner was one of five children .
Cobb said that Wagner was `` maybe the greatest star ever to take the diamond . ''
When he was 12 , Wagner dropped out of school to work in the coal mines with his father .
Most baseball historians think that Wagner was the greatest shortstop ever .
Honus 's older brother , Albert `` Butts '' Wagner , was a professional baseball player .
He played in the National League from 1897 to 1917 .
Wagner won eight batting titles , the most in National League history .
In their free time , Honus and his brothers played sandlot baseball .
Johannes Peter `` Honus '' Wagner ( \/ ˈhɒnəs ˈwæɡnər \/ ; February 24 , 1874 - December 6 , 1955 ) was an American Major League Baseball shortstop .
Honus started playing for the Inter-State League in 1895 .
He held the league record for slugging percentage six times , and the record for stolen bases five times .
He was inducted ( added to ) the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1936 .
In 1897 , Wagner played 74 games and hit .375 .
Johannes Wagner was born on February 24 , 1874 in the Chartiers neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The sum is named after a German mathematician who was called Bernhard Riemann .
In mathematics , a Riemann sum is a sum that makes an approximation of the total area underneath a curve on a graph .
In Mississippi , Governor Haley Barbour declared a state of emergency .
Before of the depression 's development , several oil and gas companies removed unneeded workers from offshore oil platforms in the northern Gulf of Mexico ; the Shell Oil Company evacuated about 700 employees , while Noble Energy removed its workforce of about 300 people from two oil rigs .
Officials in New Orleans opened three emergency shelters , stating the possible need of shelter for citizens in about 17,000 FEMA trailers after Hurricane Katrina .
With 27.7 % of the daily crude oil production stopped because of the depression , oil prices rose higher after days of increasing levels , and on September 20 reached a record rate of over $ 84 per barrel .
The cyclone continued moving northwestward , making landfall around 0000 UTC on September 22 near Fort Walton Beach , Florida with winds of 35 mph ( 55 km\/h ) .
In other places , rainfall totals reached 1.46 inches ( 37.1 mm ) in Albany , Georgia and 0.51 inches ( 13 mm ) in Dothan , Alabama .
Because of the threat of the cyclone , Louisiana governor Kathleen Blanco also declared a state of emergency and placed the state 's National Guard and other disaster services on stand-by .
Officials ordered a mandatory evacuation for people living in areas of low lands and in mobile homes for Jackson , Harrison , and Hancock counties .
Shortly thereafter , an inland tropical storm warning was given out for Pearl River , Walthall , and Pike counties in Mississippi and Washington Parish in Louisiana .
Outer rainbands began affecting coastal sections of western Florida by about 12 hours before the formation of the depression .
Also , the New Orleans National Weather Service gave out a coastal flood watch for four parishes in southeastern Louisiana .
The storm formed as a subtropical depression on September 21 in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico from the contact of a tropical wave , the end of a cold front , and a low pressure system .
The tornado destroyed 20 homes , left 30 others severely damaged , and injured one person , and cut power for about 300 people .
In spite of its bad organization , with a disorganized circulation and an upper-level low aloft , the National Hurricane Center started advisories on Subtropical Depression Ten at 1500 UTC on September 21 while it was located about 40 miles ( 60 km ) south of St. Vincent Island , Florida , stating `` the potential for additional development right along the coastline . ''
The depression also created waves of about 5 feet ( 1.5 m ) and rip currents along the west coast of Florida .
Together , the wind shear and low-level helicity created moderate convection across central Florida associated with the precursor low pressure system .
Moving northwestward , the depression came onto land near Fort Walton Beach early on September 22 , and shortly later , it dissipated over southeastern Alabama .
The cloud pattern began to become disorganized as it moved inland , and 3 hours after it moved ashore the National Hurricane Center gave out its last advisory on the depression .
At the same time the National Hurricane Center gave out its first advisory on the depression , they also gave out a tropical storm warning from Apalachicola , Florida to the delta of the Mississippi River .
Late on September 20 , a supercell formed near Lake Apopka , and moved quickly northward it created an EF1 tornado near Eustis ; the tornado moved around for about 2 miles ( 3 km ) and reached winds of about 100 mph ( 160 km\/h ) .
The circulation became better organized as convection modestly increased over the center , and within 6 hours of its formation , the system turned into a tropical depression .
With a mid-level ridge to its northwest , the subtropical depression was predicted to move alongside with the coastline of Florida and Alabama .
Tropical Depression Ten was a short-lived tropical cyclone that moved onto land on western Florida in September 2007 .
As a outcome , the cyclone was forecasted to have winds of 45 mph ( 75 km\/h ) and move onto land on southern Mississippi .
A Hurricane Hunters aircraft was sent to fly into the system on September 20 reported an organized low and strong wind gusts in the storm as it moved into the northeastern Gulf of Mexico , along with little and disorganized thunderstorm activity .
Originally , the system was very disorganized , but surface pressures slowly went down across the area , with a weak low pressure area forming on September 19 .
An upper-level low over western Florida created more convection across the area , and on September 18 the system began moving towards Florida .
Convection slowly became better organized , with a well-defined rainband in its eastern half and irregular thunderstorm activity near the center .
The depression caused only light damages to the area and was limited to light rainfall , although the system that would later become Tropical Depression 10 created a damaging tornado in Eustis , Florida .
Each year they give the ' `` Nebula Award for Best Short Story '' ' .
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America gives awards for good Science Fiction writing .
It calls for porticos , north and south , each with six fluted columns , of the `` Grecian Ionic Order ... the Entablature and Mouldings all to harmonize with it ... and proportioned after the order . ''
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing property to the Greensboro Historic District .
W. E. Yerby in his History of Greensboro wrote that Magnolia Hall `` is indisputably one of the finest antebellum mansions in Alabama ... ( and ) a perfect example of late Greek Revival architecture . ''
It was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in March 1936 .
The house was sold again in 2011 .
Greensboro became prosperous as part of the cotton boom of the mid-19th century .
In 1850 William Murphy , a lawyer and legislator , sold a prime lot to David F. McCrary , a prominent cotton broker and planter .
There are double balconies of delicate iron grill work .
The Alabama Beacon reported that the house cost $ 10,000 .
Inside are large four over four rooms , 14 foot ceilings , chandelier medallions , and a grand mahogany-railed staircase in the hallway .
It is also known as the McCrary-Otts House .
He opened the Greensboro Bank and Exchange in 1871 .
McCrary had Murphy 's house removed .
A detailed , twelve-page building contract for Magnolia Hall still exists .
Soprano is also used as a name for high pitched instruments , such as a soprano saxophone .
The word `` soprano '' can also refer to the top line of choir music .
( Mali is about 90 % Muslim . )
The original flag became official on April 4 , 1959 , when Mali joined the Mali Federation .
This flag was the same , but the golden stripe had a human `` stick figure '' , called a kanaga , in black , with its arms pointing to the sky .
Starting from the flagpole , the colors are green , gold , and red , which are the pan-African colors .
The flag of Mali has three equal vertical stripes .
The flag became official on March 1 , 1961 .
He sent his toast by letter : Live free or die : Death is not the worst of evils .
`` Live Free or Die '' is the official motto of the U.S. state of New Hampshire , adopted by the state in 1945 .
The motto was enacted at the same time as the state emblem , on which it appears .
His poor health forced him to decline an invitation to a reunion of the Battle of Bennington .
The phrase comes from a toast written by General John Stark on July 31 , 1809 .
The extinct aurochs\/urus is a completely separate species from the wisent ( the European bison ) .
This was the Republic Act 3134 , known as the City Charter of Lapu-Lapu which was signed on June 17 , 1961 by former Philippine President Carlos P. Garcia .
Politician Manuel A. Zosa , the representative of the Sixth District of Cebu , sponsored the Bill converting the former municipality of Opon into the present day City of Lapu-Lapu .
Mactan-Cebu International Airport , the second busiest airport in the Philippines , is in Lapu-Lapu City .
It is part of the Cebu Metropolitan Area which is in Cebu City .
Lapu-Lapu City is politically subdivided into 30 barangays .
Augustinian friars founded the town of Opon in 1730 .
In the 16th century , Mactan Island was colonized by Spain .
The city is linked to Mandaue on mainland Cebu by the Mactan-Mandaue Bridge and Marcelo Fernan Bridge .
The city occupies most of Mactan Island , a few kilometer off the main island of Cebu and also covers the area of Olango Island further to the southeast region , plus a few other islands .
It became a city in 1961 and was renamed after Datu Lapu-Lapu , the Island 's chieftain who defeated Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan in 1521 .
TSN started in 1984 , in the second group of Canadian specialty cable channels .
TSN features a variety of live sports programming , such as : TSN also features original TV shows about sports , including : TSN also airs non-original TV shows centred around sports , including
Between 2008 and 2009 Lohan dated Samantha Ronson .
In 2005 , her second album , A Little More Personal ( RAW ) was released .
Lohan 's parents are Dina Lohan and Michael Lohan , both of whom are of Irish and Italian descent .
Lindsay Dee Lohan ( born July 2 , 1986 ) is an American actress and singer .
In May 2011 , Lohan was convicted of misdemeanor theft of a $ 2,500 necklace from a jewelry store in Venice Beach .
She has a sister named Ali Lohan .
`` Universal Music '' was once the music company for the movie studio Universal Pictures .
UMG owns the largest music publishing business in the world , Universal Music Publishing Group , following the acquisition of BMG Music Publishing in May 2007 .
MCA Inc. bought American Decca in 1962 .
Afonso married Beatrice of Castile ( 1293-1359 ) in 1309 , daughter of Sancho IV , King of Castile and María de Molina , and had four sons and three daughters by her .
Afonso IV ( ɐˈfõsu ; 8 February 1291 - 28 May 1357 ) , called the Brave ( Portuguese : o Bravo ) , was the seventh king of Portugal and the Algarve from 1325 until his death .
He was the only son that King Denis of Portugal had with his wife Elizabeth of Aragon .
Mellor won the first series of the BBC singing contest , Comic Relief does Fame Academy in 2003 .
In October 2008 , he starred in `` The Prisoner '' , a documentary about prison life .
He met his wife , dancer Michelle McSween when they both starred in the stage musical Oh , What a Night in 1999 .
Will also stars as `` Barmpot '' in postal worker drama Sorted and has also played DC Jed Griffiths in the second series of Murder Investigation Team .
He also played Jack Vincent in Casualty between 2001 and 2003 and has starred ( played one of the main actors ) as Gaz Wilkinson in the TV comedy Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps since 2001 .
He was also in the music video for Boyzone 's Comic Relief single `` When The Going Gets Tough '' .
Soon after , he made a cover of Leo Sayer 's When I Need You as a single , which went to number 5 in the British charts , as well as another song called No Matter What I Do , which reached number 23 .
Mellor used to date former Coronation Street actress Angela Griffin .
In 2004 he was the voice for Georgie ( the dog ) in the CITV series Barking .
Mellor first started acting in 1990 , when he acted as Ben Rowlingson in the children 's program Children 's Ward .
In 1995 , Mellor starting acting in the soap opera , Hollyoaks in which he played ( acted as ) James ` Jambo ' Bolton .
He was a guest star in the BBC fantasy drama , Merlin .
Mellor made his first appearance on EastEnders on 20 May , 2007 playing salesman Warren Stamp .
Some clay deposits found in the process of exploring caves exhibit thixotropism : an initially solid-seeming mudbank will turn soupy and yield up moisture when dug into or otherwise disturbed .
Similarly , a lahar is a mass of earth liquefied by a volcanic event , which rapidly solidifies once coming to rest .
A thixotropic fluid is a fluid which takes a finite time to attain equilibrium viscosity when introduced to a step change in shear rate .
These clays were deposited in the past by low-velocity streams which tend to deposit fine-grained sediment .
Many gels and colloids are thixotropic materials , exhibiting a stable form at rest but becoming fluid when agitated .
Another example of a thixotropic fluid is the synovial fluid found in joints between some bones .
Constant shear stress can be applied by shaking or mixing .
Some fluids are anti-thixotropic : constant shear stress for a time causes an increase in viscosity or even solidification .
Honey from honey bees may also exhibit this property under certain conditions .
In more technical language : some Non-Newtonian fluids show a change in viscosity ; the longer the fluid undergoes shear stress , the lower its viscosity .
Drilling muds used in geotechnical applications can be thixotropic .
They are much less common .
Some clays are thixotropic , with their behavior is of great importance in structural and geotechnical engineering .
Landslides , such as those common in the cliffs around Lyme Regis , Dorset and in the Aberfan disaster in Wales are evidence of this .
( Heather honey ) .
Thixotropy is the property of certain gels or fluids that are thick ( viscous ) under normal conditions , but flow ( become thin , less viscous ) when shaken , agitated , or otherwise stressed .
He wrote the book Mektig og avmektig : Tore Tønne , media og maktspillet bak kulissene .
He is the brother of Jon Hippe .
Ivar Hippe is a Norwegian social democrat born on March 19 , 1953 in Oslo .
A landslide includes a wide range of ground movement , such as rock falls , deep failure of slopes and shallow debris flows .
Herbaceous plants may be annuals , biennials or perennials but most are annuals and die at the end of their growing season ( the time when they produce flowers , fruits and seeds ) , leaving their seeds on the soil ; those seeds will produce new plants with good weather .
A herbaceous plant is a plant that does not have much wood and its stems are green and soft .
The Division of Wide Bay is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland .
Famous members for Wide Bay include three time Prime Minister Andrew Fisher and Warren Truss , the leader of the National Party .
The division was one of the original 75 divisions created for the first federal election in 1901 .
FC Kuban ( Russian : Футбольный клуб '' Кубань '' Краснодар ) is a Russian football club based in Krasnodar .
Kuban have previously spent two seasons in Russian Premier League and three seasons in Soviet Top League .
It is a martial art which was developed in Japan by Gichin Funakoshi ( 1868-1957 ) .
The South Australian Museum was one of the first public galleries to show his work , which it did in a 2007 exhibition .
The background is made up of pale yellows and oranges , and is covered with a complex network of thick , ivory-coloured lines .
With Donegan winning the award the year before , it was the second year in a row that an artist from the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands had won .
Examples of Minyintiri 's work are held in the National Gallery of Victoria , the Art Gallery of South Australia , the Art Gallery of New South Wales , the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art , and the National Gallery of Australia .
He paints songlines , or the journeys taken by the ancestral beings of his Dreaming country - such as the kanyaḻa ( euro ) , malu ( red kangaroo ) , wiilu ( stone-curlew ) , waru ( wallaby ) and kaḻaya ( emu ) .
Because of his old age , Minyintiri only paints six to eight artworks a year .
Minyintiri won the 28th NATSIAA in August 2011 , for his painting Kanyalakutjina ( `` Euro Tracks '' ) .
In 2010 , Minyintiri 's painting Malukutjina ( `` Red Kangaroo Tracks '' ) was chosen as a finalist for the 27th National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award .
Minyintiri began painting at Ernabella Arts in late 2005 .
He is said to be the oldest artist at Pukatja , and also the community 's most senior lawman ( a keeper of Tjukurpa or sacred knowledge ) .
The award was won by Jimmy Donegan , another Pitjantjatjara artist , from Kalka .
Dickie Minyintiri ( born c. 1915 ) is an Australian Aboriginal artist from Pukatja , South Australia .
The network of lines traces the tracks of ancestral spirits ( kangaroos , dogs and emu ) to important waterholes , where men also went for their ceremonies .
Minyintiri was about 96 at the time .
His work was compared to the early batik works of Emily Kngwarreye .
He began painting in 2005 , when he was about 90 years old .
His childhood was spent living nomadically in the desert with his family .
His work was chosen from over 300 entries , which had been reduced to 61 finalists .
Before he became a painter , Minyintiri crafted traditional wooden tools ( mostly spears ) .
Kanyalakutjina is a multi-layered synthetic painting , done on a large canvas .
Minyintiri was born into a Pitjantjatjara family some time around 1915 .
He was born in the bush at Pilpirinyi , Western Australia , near the border with South Australia .
His works have been shown in many group exhibitions since 2006 , in most major Australian cities .
Minyintiri originally painted on paper , but now paints on canvas .
Each layer and line is a memory of a journey Minyintiri has made .
The judges praised Minyintiri for his subtle use of color .
The painting is therefore a reflection of the artist 's years of traveling his country , and an expression of his ancestral relationship to the land .
His art is often also a reflection of his younger life in the desert , before settling permanently at Ernabella .
They camped for several years around the Musgrave Ranges near what would later become the settlement of Ernabella .
The painting depicts a sacred men 's ceremonial site near Pilpirinyi .
Flashes of blue , black and pink peep through the surface lines .
Most of Minyintiri 's paintings are done using synthetic polymer paint on canvases .
Their homelands were spread over a large area along the border , but they often traveled far to the east for ceremonies .
The family had their first contact with Western civilisation in the 1920s , when Minyintiri was still a child .
The religious elements of his works are always obscured , for cultural reasons .
After winning the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2011 , he is now a very successful artist .
They encountered a group of men on camels trying to pull a truck out of a bog .
He painted at the art center for a few hours each day , while his wife ( now deceased ) would wait outside with their dogs to keep her company .
Minyintiri and his family were there for the establishment of the mission settlement of Ernabella in 1937 .
Each layer represents a different memory or story .
Minyintiri has lived at Ernabella since then .
Nearly all of them are large canvases .
His paintings are almost always multi-layered ( several layers painted over the top of each other ) , with strong motifs and symbols representing landmarks or figures .
His paintings depict sacred stories from his Dreaming ( a kind of spirituality ) .
He worked for most of his life as a shepherd and shearer .
The first Royal Rumble took place on January 24 , 1988 and was broadcast live on the USA Network .
From 2001 to 2007 the Royal Rumble match winner has gone on to win a World Championship title at WrestleMania .
The first Rumble match featured only twenty men , and it was called the Rumble Royale .
The tradition of granting a WWE Championship match at WrestleMania started in 1993 .
The Royal Rumble is a pay-per-view consisting of the Royal Rumble match , championship matches , and various other matches .
The pay-per-view is part of WWE 's `` Big Four '' , along with WrestleMania , SummerSlam , and Survivor Series .
For instance , Chris Benoit switched brands in 2004 and won the World Heavyweight Championship .
Starting in 2004 , the Rumble winner had the option of challenging either brand 's champion .
At first , the winner of the match received a shot at his brand 's champion .
It is part of WWE 's `` classic five '' pay-per-views , along with WrestleMania , Survivor Series , SummerSlam , and King of the Ring .
He also became the first man since 2000 to win the Royal Rumble match but fail to win the title in his championship opportunity as a result .
After winning the 2008 match , John Cena became the first to use his championship opportunity at an event other than WrestleMania .
The reward for the 1992 Royal Rumble was the WWF Championship .
Today , Rumble matches are much longer , with the longest match , at the 2002 event , lasting over 1 hour and 9 minutes of a 3-hour pay-per-view .
Participants must eliminate all other opponents , and the winner of the event is the last wrestler remaining after all others have been eliminated .
The Royal Rumble is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event , aired every January by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
It lasted about 33 minutes of the 2-hour broadcast .
With the brand extension introduced in mid-2002 , the 30 entrants from 2003 to 2006 had 15 wrestlers from both the RAW and SmackDown !
The 2008 Royal Rumble was the first WWE pay-per-view to be aired in HD .
The idea behind the Royal Rumble match is credited to Pat Patterson .
The Royal Rumble is also one of WWE 's more popular pay-per-views .
The show 's main event is a Battle Royal-type match , named the Royal Rumble match .
Similar to a Battle Royal , a wrestler is eliminated when thrown over the top rope , with both feet touching the floor .
The following year , the event became a pay-per-view .
The Royal Rumble match is usually at the top of the card .
At regular timed intervals , usually ninety seconds , one of the remaining 28 wrestlers enters the ring .
Beginning in 2004 , the winner had their choice of a World Heavyweight Championship or WWE Championship match at WrestleMania .
The 2007 Royal Rumble marked the first year participants from the ECW brand competed along with the RAW and SmackDown !
Among his most popular songs are `` Adana '' , `` Artsakh '' , `` Ov Hayots Ashkharh '' and `` Ovkyanosits ayn koghm '' .
Ara Gevorgian co-operates with Jivan Gasparyan , Ian Gillan , Demis Roussos , Pedro Eustache , Daniel Decker and others .
He participated in the Opening Ceremony of the Cultural Year of Armenia in Russia hosted at the Moscow Kremlin Music Hall and honored by the presence of the presidents of Armenia and Russia Robert Kocharyan and Vladimir Putin respectively and the famous singer Charles Aznavour .
Gevorgian is the son of well-known Armenian folk-singer Valya Samvelyan .
During the two years he studied at Yerevan # 8 college of Fine Arts .
In 2004 he was awarded by the Honorary Artist of the Republic of Armenia title by the President Robert Kocharyan .
In 1983 he founded the `` Rally '' Armenian pop-rock band , the participant of `` Song - 85 '' festival .
In 1987-1989 Gevorgian taught conducting at the same Institute , then he worked at Armenian Television ( `` 3-Aliq '' TV program ) .
He studied at # 31 school of Yerevan and at the A. Tigranyan musical school at the same time .
Ara Gevorgian ( Gevorgyan ) ( born April 19 , 1960 , Yerevan ) is an Armenian musician , composer and musical producer .
From 1983 to 1987 he studied at Armenian pedagogical institute after Khachatur Abovyan at the faculty of wood wide instruments and pop music department .
Dry seasons are December to March and July to August and the rainy season from April to June .
Santiago de Cali is one of the oldest cities in Colombia , and the Americas .
She made her Broadway debut in Rent as Alexi Darling and others , appearing from December 2006 until April 2007 .
She is the daughter of Asian singing star Teresa Carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .
She has also appeared on television , including a TV movie and episodes of The Jury and Law & Order .
He returned to Sweden in 1208 and defeated Sverker II of Sweden in the battle of Lena .
In 1205 he escaped from the Battle of Älgarås , where his three brothers were killed .
Eric X of Sweden ( Erik Knutsson , c. 1180 - April 10 , 1216 ) was the King of Sweden between 1208 and 1216 .
In Afghanistan , Pashtun make up around 50 % of the total population .
Their mother language is Pashto but many of them also speak neighboring Urdu and Dari languages .
Florence Nightingale was born into a rich , upper class British family in 1820 in Florence , Tuscany , Italy .
She helped a lot of wounded soldiers during the Crimean War to get better .
Croce accepted a plea bargain and was sentenced to 3 years of unsupervised probation and forfeiture of $ 98,000 .
Violet Blue , an author , stated this website as becoming `` the new ` tubgirl ' and goatse all in one nasty moment of choco-poo-love '' in a San Francisco Chronicle article .
Around mid-October 2007 , video sites such as YouTube were flooded with videos that show others ' reactions to watching the video for the first time .
Even Joe Rogan , host of Fear Factor , a show known for the nasty things its players eat , had to turn away in a reaction video posted to his blog .
Hundreds of videos exist on YouTube of users showing the original video to their friends and recording their reactions .
The movie was made by MFX-Video , one of several businesses owned by Fiorito .
Fiorito says his movies are legal in Brazil , but authorities in the United States have branded some of his movies as dirty and filed charges against Danilo Croce , a Brazilian lawyer living in Florida , listed as an officer of a company shipping Fiorito 's movies in the United States .
2 Girls 1 Cup is the title of the trailer for Hungry Bitches , a scat-pornographic movie produced by MFX Media .
A reaction video starring Kermit the Frog proved very popular on the Digg .
The first few seconds of the 2 Girls 1 Cup video contain the text `` MFX 1209 '' ( the product code for Hungry Bitches ) and the URL mfxvideos.com .
The Milwaukee Brewers are a Major League Baseball team in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
They play in the Central Division of the National League .
They were called the `` Seattle Pilots '' .
Iodine is a chemical element .
Then the Romans took control of central Italy by the Battle of Sentinum in 295 BC .
The Ostrogoths of king Totila destroyed most of the town in 545 .
It is believe that his body is buried under the Cathedral Church of San Rufino in Assisi .
In 1997 Assisi was hit by the two earthquakes .
From 450 BC the Umbrians villages were taken over by the Etruscans .
They lived in small fortified villages on high ground .
They include the walls , the main piazza , and the Temple of the Goddess Minerva , which is now a church called Santa Maria sopra Minerva .
It was built by Cardinal Albornoz in 1367 and was added to by Popes Pius II and Paul III .
The breast contains mammary glands .
The breasts have mammary glands that produce milk .
Harassment by the authorities was also on the rise .
In the summer of 1969 , the ninth SDS national convention was held at the Chicago Coliseum with some 2000 people attending .
Night-time raids on draft offices began to spread .
The demonstration in Washington , DC attracted about 25,000 anti-war protesters and SDS became the leading student group against the war on most U.S. campuses .
A rally and a student strike then closed the university for several days .
There were nine chapters around the country with at most , about 1000 members .
Demonstrations against the draft led by members of the Resistance , the War Resisters League , and SDS added fuel to the fire of resistance .
Soon hundreds more , all over the country , were held .
The first teach-in against the war was held in the University of Michigan .
The huge ( 100,000 people ) October 21 March on the Pentagon saw hundreds arrested and hurt .
It was mostly ignored by the New York City-based national media , which was more focused on the student shutdown of Columbia University in NYC , led by an inter-racial alliance of Columbia SDS chapter activists and Student Afro Society activists .
The national office ( NO ) in New York City had only a few desks , some broken chairs , a couple of filing cabinets , and a few typewriters .
In the spring of 1968 , National SDS activists led an effort on the campuses called `` Ten Days of Resistance '' and local chapters held rallies , marches , sit-ins and teach-ins , ending in a one-day strike on April 26 .
After regular civil rights tactics of peaceful pickets , the Oakland California Stop the Draft Week ended in mass hit and run fights with the police .
Hundreds of students were arrested .
Campus chapters of SDS all over the country started to lead small , local demonstrations against the war and the NO became the main group that organized the March against the war in Washington DC on April 17 .
The school year started with a large demonstration against the University of Wisconsin in Madison , Wisconsin on October 17 for letting Dow recruiters on campus .
About a million students stayed away from classes that day , the largest ever student strike in the history of the United States .
Peaceful at first , the demonstrations turned to a sit-in that was violently broken up by the Madison police and riot squad , causing many injuries and arrests .
That Fall saw more anti-war actions .
The 1965 summer convention was held at Kewadin , Northern Michigan .
Led by a Friends of SNCC student activist named Mario Savio , more than three thousand students surrounded a police car where a student , arrested for setting up a card table against a ban by the University , was being taken away .
SDS held its first meeting in 1960 at Ann Arbor , Michigan .
The demonstrations , meetings and strikes all but shut the university down .
The Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) was a student activist movement in the United States in the 1960s ( 1960 to 1969 ) .
Each of the delegates was given a paper saying `` You do n't need a Weatherman to know which way the wind blows '' ( a lyric from a Bob Dylan song , `` Subterranean Homesick Blues '' ) .
It also called for non-violent civil disobedience so that student youth could bring forth a `` participatory democracy . ''
and the National Office , moved from Manhattan to Chicago at about the same time .
On October 1 , 1964 the University of California , Berkeley exploded into the free speech movement .
Because of the Columbia Student Revolt , `` SDS '' became a household name in the United States for a few years ; and membership in SDS chapters around the United States grew greatly during the 1968-69 school year .
These were people generally raised outside of the East , many from the Midwest and Southwest The Winter and Spring of 1967 saw more militancy of the protests at many campuses .
The sit-down stopped the police car from moving for 36 hours .
The hippie movement really began to take hold .
Her brothers included Cesare Borgia , Giovanni Borgia , and Gioffre Borgia .
Another description said that `` her mouth is rather large , the teeth brilliantly white , her neck is slender and fair , and the bust is admirably proportioned '' .
Lucrezia was married to Giovanni Sforza ( Lord of Pesaro ) , Alfonso of Aragon ( Duke of Bisceglie ) , and Alfonso I d'Este ( Duke of Ferrara ) .
One painting , Portrait of a Youth by Dosso Dossi at the National Gallery of Victoria , was identified as a portrait of Lucrezia in November 2008 .
Several other paintings , such as Veneto 's fanciful portrait , have also been said to depict her but none has been accepted by scholars at present .
This painting may be the only surviving formal portrait of Lucrezia Borgia ; however , doubts have been cast on that claim .
Tradition has it that Alfonso of Aragon was an illegitimate son of the King of Naples and that her brother Cesare may have had him murdered when his political value faded .
Lucrezia was cast as a femme fatale , a role seen in many artworks , novels , and films .
Lucrezia is described as having heavy blonde hair which fell past her knees , a beautiful complexion , hazel eyes which changed color , a full , high bosom , and a natural grace which made her appear to `` walk on air '' .
Lucrezia 's family was typical of the ruthless Machiavellian politics and sexual corruption of the times .
They certainly arranged several marriages for her to important and powerful men .
Lucrezia Borgia ( 18 April 1480 - 24 June 1519 ) was the daughter of Pope Alexander VI , and his long-term mistress Vannozza dei Cattanei .
The square was created by Johann Arnold Nering at the end of the seventeenth century as the Linden-Markt and reconstructed by Georg Christian Unger in 1773 .
Coordinates : 52 ° 30 ′ 49 ″ N 13 ° 23 ′ 34 ″ E \/ 52.51361 ° N 13.39278 ° E \/ 52.51361 ; 13.39278 The Gendarmenmarkt is a square in Berlin , and the site of the Konzerthaus and the French Cathedral and German Cathedrals .
The Gendarmenmarkt hosts one of Berlin 's most popular Christmas markets .
During World War II , most of the buildings were badly damaged or destroyed .
Today all the buildings are restored to their former state .
The Gendarmenmarkt is named after the Prussian regiment Gens d'Armes .
The legions were : The II Augusta is known to have been commanded by the future emperor Vespasian .
The Twilight Zone is an American television series created by Rod Serling .
The students were protesting an Egyptian Ministry of Culture publisher printing and selling copies of the 1983 novel A Banquet for Seaweed by the Syrian writer Haidar Haidar .
In 2006 it was the second largest book fair in the world after the Frankfurt Book Fair .
After the protests , two members of the government printing house were also arrested for `` disparaging religion '' and publishing a work `` offensive to public morals '' .
It is the largest book fair in the Arab world , as well as the oldest .
These have included works by Czech Milan Kundera , Moroccan Mohamed Choukri , Saudi Ibrahim Badi , Lebanese Hanan al-Sheikh , and fellow Lebanese novelist Elias Khoury In 2005 , Egyptian police arrested a number of book sellers and activists at the book fair .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world with hundreds of book sellers and about two million visitors every year .
The CIBF was started by the General Egyptian Book Organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 as part of the celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the start of the city of Cairo .
It is held every year in the last week of January in Cairo , Egypt , at the Cairo International Fair Grounds in Madinat Nasr , near Al-Azhar University .
This led to rare public protests against the Egyptian government , violence , 75 arrests and a number of injuries .
The state owned General Egyptian Book Organisation , is the largest book publisher in the Arab world .
Lectures , readings , and other public events take place during the three weeks the of the book fair , with items in Arabic , English , and other languages .
The fair brings in ordinary Egyptians , with media on a range of topics , outdoor events , and even fireworks to entertain the large crowds .
The 41st fair was held from 21 January to 5 February 2009 .
In later years a number of books from foreign publishers have been taken by Egyptian authorities .
The fair has displays and speakers from publishers and government agencies from around the world , as well as sellers of books , video , and other media .
Leftist and Muslim militant authors , works critical of the government , and works with sections or topics that are seen as sexually or culturally controversial have been banned from the book fair .
Stern was born in Jackson Heights , Queens , New York City .
In 1869 , the provinces of Mutsu and Dewa were divided .
This was shown by the damage caused by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami .
The new provinces were abolished in July 1871 ; however , the regional name is still in use as the Sanriku Coast from Aomori to the Oshika Peninsula in Miyagi .
The first three of these collectively known as the `` Three Riku '' , or Sanriku .
In 2005 , Olah wrote an essay promoting the methanol economy .
Olah is currently a distinguished professor at the University of Southern California and the director of the Loker Hydrocarbon Research Institute .
For this research , Olah was awarded a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1994 .
In 1971 , Olah became a naturalized citizen of the United States .
He has joined with Robert Zubrin , Anne Korin , and James Woolsey in calling for a Flexible-fuel vehicle mandate initiative .
He joined Dow Chemical in Sarnia , Ontario , with another Hungarian chemist , Stephen J. Kuhn .
George Andrew Olah ( born May 22 , 1927 in Budapest , as Oláh György ) is an American chemist .
His research involves the generation and reactivity of carbocations using superacids .
In recent years , his research has shifted from hydrocarbons ( including hydrocarbon fuel ) to the methanol economy .
The American Chemical Society selects and administers the awards .
He studied high school at Budapesti Piarista Gimnazium ( Scolopi fathers ) .
The search for stable carbocations led to the discovery of protonated methane .
The Olah family formed an endowment fund ( the George A. Olah Endowment ) .
The American Chemical Society gave him its highest honor , the Priestley Medal .
During Olah 's eight years with Dow , he started to study carbocations .
Olah was born in Budapest , Hungary , on May 22 , 1927 .
It is an officially recognized minority language in Istria County ( where it is spoken by 7.69 % of the population ) .
The 2001 census in Croatia reported 19,636 ethnic Italians in the country ( some .44 % of the total population ) .
Government services are provided in Italian and Croatian in Istria County , including the official government website ( which is also available in English ) .
Native Italian speakers are largely concentrated along the Adriatic coast .
There are four Italian-language schools in Istria : primary schools in Buje ( Buie ) and Novigrad ( Cittanova ) and secondary schools in Pula ( Pola ) and Rovinj ( Rovigno ) .
In addition , roughly 120,000 Italian tourists visit Croatia each year , so many in the service and tourist industries have some knowledge of the language .
Frankfort is the capital city of the U.S. state of Kentucky .
The GNU General Public License ( GPL ) is a computer software copyleft license .
Ansermet was born in Vevey , Switzerland .
In 1918 , Ansermet started an orchestra of his own , the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande ( OSR ) .
He died in Geneva on 20 February 1969 .
He traveled with them to France where he met Debussy and Ravel .
From 1915 to 1923 was the conductor for Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes .
He started his career as a professor of mathematics at the University of Lausanne .
During World War I , he met Stravinsky , who was exiled in Switzerland .
He conducted works by Arthur Honegger and Frank Martin , but did not like serial music such as that of Arnold Schoenberg .
The bowerbirds have an Austro-Papuan distribution , with ten species endemic to New Guinea , eight endemic to Australia and two found in both .
The family has 20 species in eight genera .
Their diet consists mainly of fruit but may also include insects ( especially for nestlings ) , flowers , nectar and leaves in some species .
The birds are medium to large-sized passerines , ranging from the Golden Bowerbird at 22 centimetres ( 8.7 in ) and 70 grams ( 2.5 oz ) to the Great Bowerbird at 40 centimetres ( 16 in ) and 230 grams ( 8.1 oz ) .
They occupy a range of different habitats , including rainforest , eucalyptus and acacia forest , and shrublands .
Their distribution is mainly in the tropical parts of New Guinea and northern Australia , though some species extend into central , western and southeastern Australia .
Bowerbirds are most known for their unique courtship behavior , where males build a structure and decorate it with sticks and brightly colored objects .
The Satin and Spotted Bowerbirds are sometimes regarded as pests because they feed on introduced fruit and vegetable crops .
Common names include `` queen conch '' and `` pink conch '' in English , caracol rosa and caracol rosado in Mexico , caracol de pala , cobo , botuto and guarura in Venezuela , caracol reina , lambí in the Dominican Republic , and carrucho in Puerto Rico .
This species is one of the largest molluscs native to the tropical northwestern Atlantic , from Bermuda to Brazil , reaching up to 35.2 centimetres ( 13.9 in ) in shell length .
Lobatus gigas , commonly known as the queen conch , is a species of large edible sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family of true conches , the Strombidae .
According to one perspective , it is directly from the Qur ` an , constantly recited , meditated , and experienced , that Sufism proceeded , in its origin and its development .
Others have held that Sufism is the strict emulation of the direct way of the Holy Prophet Muhammad , through which the heart 's connection to the Divine is strengthened .
Important contributions in writing are attributed to Uwais al-Qarni , Harrm bin Hian , Hasan Basri and Sayid ibn al-Mussib , who are regarded as among the first Sufis in the earliest generations of Islam .
Additionally , the Muslim conquests had brought large numbers of Christian monks and hermits , especially in Syria and Egypt , under Muslim rule .
In its early stages of development Sufism referred to nothing more than the personalization and internalization of Islam .
There are seven named species .
There are more digits in the front flippers than is usual in ichthyosaurs ; they are tightly bound in rows , giving a broad , flat appearance .
It had a long snout and a powerful finned tail .
Fossils are known from Australia , Russia , United States of America , Colombia , Western Europe and possibly New Zealand .
This unusual characteristic gives the genus its name , meaning ` flat wing . '
Platypterygius reached a length of about 7 m ( 23 ft ) .
Like other ichthyosaurs , Platypterygius gave live birth .
CAT scans on a juvenile specimen strongly suggest that Platypterygius was deaf .
Furthermore , some of the wrist bones have disappeared entirely .
Both adults and juveniles have been unearthed , including newborns and pregnant females .
Platypterygius ( ` flat flipper ) ' is an ichthyosaur of the family Ophthalmosauridae .
Two Toads ( Yellow and Blue ) were eventually included as playable characters in New Super Mario Bros. .
Wii , the developers at Nintendo decided between four characters to be playable in the game : Princess Peach , Toad , Wario and Waluigi ( all suggestions made by fans ) .
In the game , the peaceful Toads of the Mushroom Kingdom had been turned into various objects such as bricks and pipes by the evil King Bowser ; however , some of Princess Toadstool 's loyal servants , known as the `` Mushroom Retainers '' were simply kidnapped .
Wii due to their physical similarity to Mario and Luigi .
Black Pear Tree , an EP by The Mountain Goats and Kaki King , features a song titled `` Thank You Mario But Our Princess is in Another Castle , '' sung from the view of Toad .
During the making of New Super Mario Bros. .
Shigeru Miyamoto , the creator of the Mario series , made a reason that Toad 's creation was that of being a character that has a simplistic design ; yet , still appears cute and lovely and pleases to everybody .
Toad 's design was made directly from the power up , the Super Mushroom as well as the game 's general use with mushrooms .
Toad and the species were first seen in the game Super Mario Bros. .
Toad first appeared in Super Mario Bros. 2 , where he was a playable character .
He was a recurring member in the Super Mario Super Show .
Toad looks like a small man with a mushroom-like hat .
He also shares many similarities between the blue toad in New Super Mario Bros. .
Deianeira sees Troy in the distance and tells Hercules that she now remembers and this is where she is from .
Hercules tutors the people of Troy and prepares them to battle to take back Troy .
The giant follows the woman to the village and rips the roof of the tavern .
Hercules comes to the aid of a young woman who is seeking the lost city of Troy .
Hercules presents himself to the giant and the giant challenges Hercules to a fight .
Deianeira and Hercules get caught in a trap and taken to the king .
After spending the night with the queen , Hercules gets the compass and he and Deianeira continue searching for Troy .
She sees the dark figure and asks who he is and why she is being followed , but the figure does not answer .
Deianeira gets attacked by some men but the figure in the dark robe saves her and tells her to follow her destiny .
Hercules goes outside and he beats the giant .
Zeus appears and Hercules asks him if he will help him .
Hercules saves her from being sacrificed , while unknowingly being watched by a mysterious robed figure .
Later in the evening as they camp for the night , Deianeira tells her a story that she is the daughter of a king .
Deianeira realizes that the people can not beat the Cult of the Blue Priests and goes looking for the Blue Priest .
In order to get to see the queen , Hercules sells himself as a slave , and the queen buys him .
Hercules helps the refugees take back the city .
The woman tells Hercules that her name is Deianeira .
Hercules kills the monster from inside and they are washed up on the shore .
The people notice that Deianeira is missing and Hercules and the people use an underground tunnel to get into the city .
He explains to Hercules that his people have been driven from their city , the lost city of Troy .
Elsewhere a young woman is collecting water , when the ground begins to shake .
While running , one man is hit by a boulder and killed .
She flees back to the village to warn them that a giant is coming .
The Blue Priest and Hercules fight and Hercules cuts off the priest 's head .
Later Hercules and Deianeira arrive at the slave market looking for Queen Omphale , the last person to have possessed the compass .
The king is ill and he and his daughter are reunited .
It swallows Hercules and Deianeira .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
He finds a tribe of men preparing to sacrifice a young virgin to their water god .
As Deianeira is crowned Queen of Troy we see Hercules thrown down from out of the sky .
A huge storm approaches , and Zeus tells Hercules that Hera is coming for Deianeira .
He tells her that the Cult of the Blue Priests have taken over the city and the people have taken refuge in the woods .
They arrive at the ocean and the figure standing on the cliffs summons a sea serpent to do Hera 's bidding .
To find it , Hercules must find the one true compass which will point the way to Troy .
As he stoops down to quench his thirst a female figure composed of water rises out of the river and pulls him under , drowning him .
The remaining man escapes .
As the people fight the cult members Hercules goes looking for Deianeira .
As the village celebrates the defeat the man from earlier in the film arrives in the village .
Three men are running along the riverside .
At some ballparks , the words `` home team '' are replaced with the team name , as is the case with the Houston Astros , San Francisco Giants , Pittsburgh Pirates , Boston Red Sox , Chicago Cubs , Chicago White Sox , Milwaukee Brewers , Philadelphia Phillies , Toronto Blue Jays , Miami Marlins , Colorado Rockies , Detroit Tigers and several other Major League Baseball teams .
The chorus is traditionally sung during the seventh-inning stretch of a baseball game .
The music was written by Albert Von Tilzer .
The first recorded version of the song was made by Edward Meeker .
Meeker 's recording was selected by the Library of Congress as a 2010 addition to the National Recording Registry .
Until this day , experiments had shown that if proton decay happens , it would have a half-life of 6.6 × 1033 years .
It has a half-life of 12.32 years .
It has a proton and 2 neutrons in its nucleus .
It is also created during nuclear weapons tests .
Water that has deuterium instead of protium is named heavy water .
Deuterium is less in hydrogen gas on Earth and is more in sea water ( 0.015 % or 150 ppm ) .
The isotope has one proton and one neutron .
Proton is said to have a half-life of 1036 years .
The U.S. states of Washington , Idaho , western Montana , Oregon and northern California are in the southern part of the Pacific Northwest .
The Canadian province of British Columbia and the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Alaska is in the northern part .
It was found by Michael Brown , Chad Trujillo and David Rabinowitz on February 17 , 2004 .
He was Curator of the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard University from 1959 to 1970 , and a Professor of Geosciences at the University of Arizona until his retirement in 1982 .
He also received the Royal Society 's Darwin Medal `` In recognition of his distinguished contributions to general evolutionary theory , based on a profound study of palaeontology , particularly of vertebrates '' in 1962 .
George Gaylord Simpson ( 16 June 1902 - 6 October 1984 ) was an American paleontologist .
He coined the word hypodigm in 1940 , and published extensively on the taxonomy of fossil and living mammals .
Simpson dispelled the myth that the evolution of the horse was a linear process culminating in the modern Equus caballus .
Simpson was awarded the Linnean Society 's Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1958 .
Simpson was perhaps the most influential paleontologist of the twentieth century , and a major participant in the modern evolutionary synthesis .
Simpson opposed Alfred Wegener 's theory of continental drift , so his work on animal migration lacked this idea .
He was promoted to Curator ( head ) of the Department of Geology and Paleontology at the American Museum of Natural History .
He was an expert on extinct mammals and their migrations , especially the Great American Interchange between the Americas .
He started playing football with USK Anif , a team from a suburb of Salzburg .
In 2009 he played for the second team of Red Bull Salzburg , Red Bull Juniors .
In 2010 he played with the U 19 team in the European Championship in France and is qualified with the team for the U 20 World championship in 2011 .
Since 2008 Marco Meilinger played for Austria in different youth teams .
He signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg in 2010 .
In 2002 he went to Austria Salzburg , and 2005 , after the club was bought by Red Bull , he played with F.C. Red Bull Salzburg .
2011 he played on loan for SV Ried .
Hurricane Ike was the ninth named storm , fifth hurricane , and third major hurricane and the strongest hurricane of 2008 .
Ike may have caused up to 195 deaths .
Most countries have their own government public health agencies , sometimes known as ministries of health , to respond to domestic health issues .
In the developing world , there may not be enough trained health workers or monetary resources to provide a basic level of medical care and disease prevention .
Public health has roots in antiquity .
From the beginning , human civilization recognized that polluted water and lack of proper waste disposal spread communicable diseases .
The Chinese developed the practice of variolation following a smallpox epidemic around 1000 BC .
Public health plays an important role in disease prevention efforts in the developing world and in developed countries , through local health systems and through international non-governmental organizations .
During the 14th century Black Death in Europe , burning parts of cities resulted in benefit , since it destroyed the rodent infestations .
Many diseases are preventable through simple , non-medical methods .
The development of quarantine in the medieval period restricted effects of other infectious diseases .
Early religions attempted to regulate behavior related to health , from types of food eaten , to behaviors , such as drinking alcohol or sexual relations .
In outbreaks of an infectious disease , treating a disease may be vital to preventing it in others .
Later they started build of sewers , the regular collection of garbage , incineration or disposal , providing clean water and draining standing water to prevent the breeding of mosquitos .
The increase in average life span in the 20th century is credited to public health achievements , such as vaccination programs and control of infectious diseases , effective safety policies of motor-vehicle and occupational safety , improved family planning , chlorination of drinking water , smoke-free measures , and programs on decreasing chronic disease such as cancer , heart disease and more physical exercise .
Public health includes such parts as epidemiology , biostatistics , health services , environmental , social , behavioral , and occupational health .
Public health intervention prevents rather than treats a disease through surveillance of cases and promotes healthy behaviors such as hand washing , vaccination programs and distribution of condoms .
The two professional football teams in Enschede at that time ( Sportclub Enschede and Enschedese Boys ) had both money problems and were forced to merge .
Their office or position is the priesthood , a word which can also be used for such persons collectively .
However , some Anglican Churches allow women to be priests .
A priest or priestess is a person who is allowed to do religious rites .
It was the study of perception that gave rise to the Gestalt school of psychology , with its emphasis on holistic approach .
The oldest quantitative law in psychology is the Weber-Fechner law , which quantifies the relationship between the intensity of physical stimuli and their perceptual effects .
Perception is one of the oldest fields within scientific psychology , and there are correspondingly many theories about its underlying processes .
Silverstone Circuit is an English motor racing circuit next to the Northamptonshire villages of Silverstone and Whittlebury .
This informal race became known as the Mutton Grand Prix .
Silverstone Circuit is built on the site of RAF Silverstone , a World War II Royal Air Force bomber station .
The next year the Royal Automobile Club leased the airfield and set-up a more formal racing circuit .
Maurice Geoghegan , lived in Silverstone village and was knew that the airfield was deserted .
Silverstone was first used for racing by a group of friends who set up their own race in September 1947 .
The entry from Hangar Straight into Stowe Corner was modified in 1995 so as to make its entry less dangerous and less challenging .
Their first two races were held on the runways , with long straights and tight hairpin corners .
This arrangement was used for the 1950 and 1951 British Grands Prix .
Following the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix , many Grand Prix circuits were modified in order to reduce speed and increase driver safety .
He and eleven other drivers raced over a two mile circuit .
For 1948 , it was decided to switch to the perimeter track .
The closest large towns are Northampton and Milton Keynes .
These solar receivers are specially coated tubes made of glass and steel .
In 1991 it was made available as an online database , and handed over to the Australian National Botanic Gardens .
Two years later , responsibility for its maintenance has given to the newly formed Centre for Plant Biodiversity Research .
The Australian Plant Name Index ( APNI ) is an online database of all published names of Australian vascular plants .
It covers all names , whether current names , synonyms or invalid names .
It was compiled by Arthur Chapman , and was part of the Australian Biological Resources Study ( ABRS ) .
The project is aimed at providing integrated online access to the data and specimen collections of Australia 's major herbaria .
Two search interfaces are offered : Originally the idea of Nancy Tyson Burbidge , it began as a four-volume printed work of 3,055 pages .
It includes bibliographic and typification details , links to other resources , and data from the Census of Australian Vascular Plants divided by state .
It is notable for its graceful balance and for the rendering of the figure 's draped garments , depicted as if rippling in a strong sea breeze .
The Winged Victory of Samothrace ( or Nike of Samothrace ) is a Parian marble sculpture now in the Louvre , Paris , France .
Because defining a GSSP depends on finding well-preserved geologic sections and identifying key events , this task becomes more harder as one goes farther back in time .
Before 640 million years ago , boundaries on the geologic timescale are defined simply by reference to fixed dates , known as `` Global Standard Stratigraphic Ages '' .
A geologic section has to follow the rules to be adapted as a GSSP by the ICS .
As of 2012 , 64 of the 101 stages that need a GSSP have been decided .
A GSSP , more fully a Global Boundary Stratotype Section and Point , is an internationally agreed point which defines the start of a stage on the geologic time scale .
The work is done by the International Commission on Stratigraphy , a part of the International Union of Geological Sciences .
At the start of the Permian , the Earth was still at the grip of an Ice age from the Carboniferous .
The first modern trees ( conifers , ginkgos and cycads ) appeared in the Permian .
In the late Permian period , the drying continued although the temperature cycled between warm and cool cycles .
Glaciers receded around the mid-Permian period as the climate gradually warmed , drying the continent 's interiors .
The climate in the Permian was quite varied .
It is the last period of the Paleozoic era , and ended in the largest mass extinction known to science .
True Odonata appeared in the Permian .
Oberallgäu is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria , Germany .
In the south of the district are the Austrian states Tyrol and Vorarlberg .
The New Azerbaijan Party ( Yeni Azərbaycan Partiyası , YAP ) is the ruling political party in Azerbaijan since 1993 .
It was formed on 18 December 1992 by the former President of Azerbaijan Heydar Aliyev , who led it until his retirement and death in 2003 .
It is now led by his son , Ilham Aliyev , who succeeded his father as the party leader and as President of Azerbaijan since October 31 , 2003 .
The party 's stated ideologies are lawfulness , secularism , and Azerbaijani nationalism .
The founder of the party , Heydar Aliyev , was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union until July 1991 before the collapse of the Soviet Union and the independence of Azerbaijan later that year .
It wants to build a `` social-oriented '' economy , meaning a middle path between socialism and `` laissez-faire '' capitalism ( a mixed economy ) , and lists civil solidarity and social justice as the basis of its ideology .
The museum holds mainly French art dating from 1848 to 1915 , including paintings , sculptures , furniture , and photography .
Its extensive collection of impressionist and post-impressionist masterpieces is the largest in the world .
After the construction for transforming it into the museum , in July 1986 , it became the Musée d'Orsay which has had the 2000 or so paintings , 600 sculptures and other works .
So the station changed its role for suburban services and a mailing center during the second World War .
Cavan borders six other counties : Leitrim to the west , Fermanagh and Monaghan to the north , Meath to the south-east , Longford to the south-west and Westmeath to the south .
Other important wildlife protected lakes such as Lough Gowna and Lough Ramor are in the south and east of the county .
It is named after the town of Cavan .
The county contains forests such as Bellamont Forest near Cootehill , Killykeen Forest Park at Lough Oughter ( a Coillte state forest ) , Dún na Rí Forest Park and the Burren Forest .
The River Erne is a major river which rises from Beaghy Lough south of Stradone in Cavan and flows for 120 km ( 75 mi ) to Lough Erne .
A large area of lakes in the north and west of Cavan are marked as Specially Protected Areas ( SPA ) , example of this being Lough Oughter .
The Shannon Pot is the source of the River Shannon , the longest river in Ireland at 386 km ( 240 mi ) .
County Cavan ( in Gaelic , Contae an Chabháin ) is a county in Ireland .
At 18.8 km2 ( 7.3 sq mi ) , Lough Sheelin is the county 's largest lake situated in the south of the county .
It is part of the province of Ulster .
The highest point of the county is in the Breifne mountains , mount Cuilcagh at 665 metres ( 2,182 feet ) .
Cavan is known as ` The Lakeland County ' and it is said it has 365 lakes , one for every day of the year .
73,183 people live in the county according to the 2011 census .
Many rivers in Ireland start in County Cavan .
For example , when Rooster Teeth produced The Strangerhood using The Sims 2 , a game that encourages the use of its AI , the group had to create multiple instances of each character to accommodate different moods .
In creating their improvisational comedy series On the Campaign Trail with Larry & Lenny Lumberjack and talk show Tra5hTa1k with ILL Will , the ILL Clan blended real and virtual performance by creating the works on-stage and interacting with a live audience .
Matinee , a machinima software tool included with Unreal Tournament 2004 , popularized scripting in machinima .
Another solution is to blend in non-machinima elements , as nGame did by inserting painted characters with more expressive faces into its 1999 film Berlin Assassins .
Machinima creators have used different methods to handle limited character expression .
A filmmaker can work alone this way , as J. Thaddeus `` Mindcrime '' Skubis did in creating the nearly four-hour The Seal of Nehahra ( 2000 ) , the longest work of machinima at the time .
Another difference is that machinima is created in real time , but other animation is pre-rendered .
Rangers clan member Eric `` ArchV '' Fowler wrote his own programs to reposition the camera and to splice footage from the Quake demo file .
Similarly , Atussa Simon used a `` library of faces '' for characters in The Battle of Xerxes .
Because these are seen as low barriers to entry , machinima has been called a `` democratization of filmmaking '' .
However , Kelland , Morris , and Lloyd state that a small range of emotions is often sufficient , as in successful Japanese anime television series .
Some machinima creators use custom software .
In another combination of real and virtual worlds , Chris Burke 's talk show This Spartan Life takes place in Halo 2 's open multiplayer environment .
For example , Strange Company uses Take Over GL Face Skins to add more facial expressions to their characters filmed in BioWare 's 2002 role-playing video game Neverwinter Nights .
Unless what-you-see-is-what-you-get ( WYSIWYG ) editing is available , as in Vampire : The Masquerade - Redemption , changes may need to be verified in additional runs , and non-linear editing may be difficult .
Berkeley sees machinima as `` a strangely hybrid form , looking forwards and backwards , cutting edge and conservative at the same time '' .
Although other virtual theatrical performances have taken place in chat rooms and multi-user dungeons , machinima adds `` cinematic camera work '' .
Nitsche agrees that pre-recorded ( `` reel '' ) machinima tends to be linear and offers limited interactive storytelling ; he sees more opportunities in machinima performed live and with audience interaction .
Creators like Dutch director Chantal Harvey , producer of the 48 Hour Film Project Machinima sector , have created upwards of 200 films using the platform .
Popular genres include dance videos , comedy , and drama .
The Academy of Machinima Arts & Sciences ( AMAS ) , a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting machinima , recognizes exemplary productions through Mackie awards given at its annual Machinima Film Festival .
The director can use built-in camera controls , if available .
Machinima creators leave many rendering details to their host environments , but may thus inherit those environments ' limitations .
Harvey 's advocacy of the genre has resulted in the involvement of film director Peter Greenaway who served as a juror for the Machinima category and gave a keynote speech during the event .
To prevent confusion , Rooster Teeth 's characters move slightly when speaking , a convention shared with anime .
Strange Company produced its feature-length machinima film BloodSpell for less than # 10,000 .
Quake movie editing software later appeared , but the use of conventional non-linear video editing software is now common .
For example , Tristan Pope combined creative character and camera positioning with video editing to suggest sexual actions in his controversial film Not Just Another Love Story .
Machinima productions can remain close to their gaming roots and feature stunts or other portrayals of gameplay .
University of Cambridge experiments in 2002 and 2003 attempted to use machinima to re-create a scene from the 1942 live-action film Casablanca .
Kelland , Morris , and Lloyd list four main methods of creating machinima .
Some general film festivals accept machinima , and game companies , such as Epic Games , Blizzard Entertainment and Jagex , have sponsored contests involving it .
Pre-rendered scenes can require more digital storage space , weaken suspension of disbelief through contrast with real-time animation of normal gameplay , and limit interaction .
In digital puppetry , machinima creators become virtual actors ; each crew member controls a character in real-time , as in a multiplayer game .
The low cost caused a product manager for Electronic Arts to compare machinima to the low-budget independent film The Blair Witch Project , without the need for cameras and actors .
In the 2001 animated film Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within , every strand of hair on a character 's head was independent ; real-time needs would likely force them to be treated as a single unit .
A technique common in cut scenes of video games , scripting consists of giving precise directions to the game engine .
Explosions and stunts can be tried and repeated without monetary cost and risk of injury , and the host environment may allow unrealistic physical constraints .
Alternatively , some filmmakers attempt to stretch the boundaries of the rendering engines or to mask the original 3-D context .
Real-time engines need to trade quality for speed and use simpler algorithms and models .
However , Chris Burke intentionally hosts This Spartan Life in these unpredictable conditions , which are fundamental to the show .
Nitsche compared this experiment to an unpredictable Dogme 95 production .
When Diary of a Camper was created , no software tools existed to edit demo files into films .
In this respect , Kelland , Morris , and Lloyd compare scripting to stop-motion animation .
Filmmakers are often encouraged to follow traditional cinematic conventions , such as avoiding wide fields of view , the overuse of slow motion , and errors in visual continuity .
According to Marino , other disadvantages are the possibility of disruption when filming in an open multi-user environment and the temptation for puppeteers to play the game in earnest , littering the set with blood and dead bodies .
In the Halo video game series , helmets completely cover the characters ' faces .
Puppetry allows for improvisation and offers controls familiar to gamers , but requires more personnel than the other methods and is less precise than scripted recordings .
Machinima filming differed from traditional cinematography in that character expression was limited , but camera movements were more flexible and improvised .
Comparatively , machinimists using pre-made virtual platforms like Second Life have indicated that their productions can be made quite successfully with no cost at all .
From simple to advanced , these are : relying on the game 's AI to control most actions , digital puppetry , recamming , and precise scripting of actions .
Before using machinima , Burnie Burns and Matt Hullum of Rooster Teeth Productions spent US$ 9,000 to produce a live-action independent film ; in contrast , the four Xbox game consoles used to make Red vs. Blue in 2005 cost $ 600 .
Like live action , machinima is recorded in real-time , and real people can act and control the camera .
Another disadvantage is that , depending on the game , scripting capabilities may be limited or unavailable .
Other works filmed using puppetry are the ILL Clan 's improvisational comedy series On the Campaign Trail with Larry & Lenny Lumberjack and Rooster Teeth Productions ' Red vs. Blue .
In the post-production of Red vs. Blue : The Blood Gulch Chronicles , Rooster Teeth Productions added letterboxing with Adobe Premiere Pro to hide the camera player 's head-up display .
Berkeley weighs increased participation and a blurred line between producer and consumer against concerns that game copyrights limit commercialization and growth of machinima .
It may be possible to point the camera elsewhere or employ other creative cinematography or acting .
In recamming , which builds on puppetry , actions are first recorded to a game engine 's demo file format , not directly as video frames .
Previously , such virtual cinematic performances with live audience interaction were confined to research labs equipped with powerful computers .
However , some games , such as the Halo series , ( except for Halo PC and Custom Edition , which allow AI and custom objects and characters ) , allow filming only through puppetry .
In some cases , some game companies may provide such software ; examples include Epic Games ' Impersonator for Unreal Tournament 2004 and Valve Corporation 's FacePoser for Half-Life 2 .
Otherwise , video is captured from the perspectives of one or more puppeteers who serve as camera operators .
For example , Phil South inserted single , completely white frames into his work No Licence to enhance the visual impact of explosions .
There , others playing in earnest may attack the host or his interviewee .
Without re-enacting scenes , artists can then manipulate the demo files to add cameras , tweak timing and lighting , and change the surroundings .
However , perfecting scripts can be time-consuming .
Unlike live action , machinima involves less expensive , digital special effects and sets , possibly with a science-fiction or historical theme .
Although simple to produce , AI-dependent results are unpredictable , thus complicating the realization of a preconceived film script .
Machinima is a digital medium based on 3-D computer games , but most works have a linear narrative structure .
This technique is limited to the few engines and software tools that support it .
Because game animations focus on dramatic rather than casual actions , the range of character emotions is often limited .
Some , such as Red vs. Blue and The Strangerhood , follow narrative conventions of television situational comedy .
Individual instances were selected at different times to produce appropriate actions .
Machinima can be less expensive than other forms of filmmaking .
In other 3-D animation methods , creators can control every frame and nuance of their characters but , in turn , must consider issues such as key frames and in-betweening .
\ The AMAS defines machinima as `` animated filmmaking within a real-time virtual 3-D environment '' .
Kelland , Morris , and Lloyd argue that improvement in consumer-grade graphics technology will allow more realism ; For cut scenes in video games , issues other than visual fidelity arise .
The winner spends a year traveling to represent the Miss World Organization and its various causes .
Since his death in 2000 , Morley 's wife , Julia Morley , co-chairs the pageant .
Traditionally , Miss World lives in London during her reign .
With its rivals Miss Universe and Miss Earth , this is one of the most publicised beauty contests in the world .
Miss World is a international beauty pageant that started in 1951 .
The contest was created in the United Kingdom by Eric Morley , and run as part of the Mecca Leisure Group .
It is is the oldest surviving major international beauty pageant .
The most famous of these is the world-famous Yosemite Falls , which at 2,425 feet ( 739 m ) tall , is one of the tallest waterfalls in the world .
Yosemite National Park is a national park in the state of California , U.S.A. .
Within six months , two gay activist organizations were formed in New York , concentrating on confrontational tactics , and three newspapers were established to promote rights for gays and lesbians .
After the Stonewall riots , gays and lesbians in New York City faced gender , class , and generational obstacles to becoming a cohesive community .
Those that did were often bars , although bar owners and managers were rarely gay .
Tensions between New York City police and gay residents of Greenwich Village erupted into more protests the next evening , and again several nights later .
Within weeks , Village residents quickly organized into activist groups to concentrate efforts on establishing places for gays and lesbians to be open about their sexual orientation without fear of being arrested .
Very few establishments welcomed openly gay people in the 1950s and 1960s .
Today , Gay Pride events are held annually throughout the world toward the end of June to mark the Stonewall riots .
Within a few years , gay rights organizations were founded across the U.S. and the world .
The Stonewall Inn at the time of the riots was owned by the Mafia .
Along with the liberal environment of Greenwich Village , these movements served as catalysts for the Stonewall riots .
It was popular with the poorest and most marginalized people in the gay community : drag queens , representatives of a newly self-aware transgender community , effeminate young men , hustlers , and homeless youth .
Similar marches were organized in other cities .
Police raids on gay bars were routine in the 1960s , but officers quickly lost control of the situation at the Stonewall Inn , and attracted a crowd that was incited to riot .
The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous , violent demonstrations against a police raid that took place in the early morning hours of June 28 , 1969 , at the Stonewall Inn .
On June 28 , 1970 , the first Gay Pride marches took place in Los Angeles , Chicago , and New York commemorating the anniversary of the riots .
These social movements included the African American Civil Rights Movement , the Counterculture of the 1960s , and antiwar demonstrations .
Early homophile groups in the U.S. sought to prove that gay people could be assimilated into society .
American gays and lesbians in the 1950s and 1960s faced an anti-homosexual legal system .
Sir Joshua Reynolds RA FRS FRSA ( 16 July 1723 - 23 February 1792 ) was an English painter of portraits .
The Pre-Raphaelites called him `` Sir Sloshua '' and William Blake published a savage pamphlet Annotations to Sir Joshua Reynolds ' Discourses in 1808 .
The Oxford English Dictionary states that the first use of the term `` witch doctor '' to refer to African shamans ( i.e. medicine men ) was in 1836 in a book by Robert Montgomery Martin ( 1803 ?
The witch doctors in Africa are known as sangomas in Southern Africa .
The Oxford English Dictionary says that the first recorded use of this term is in 1718 , in a book by Francis Hutchinson .
The Munich Airport center ( MAC ) is between the two terminals but it is not so far .
Terminal 1 is used by the non-Star Alliance airlines .
The Higgs particle is a boson .
The mass created is what we call a Higgs boson .
The National Geographic Society sees five broad key themes for geographers :
Nowadays map making is the field of study of cartography , a subset of geography .
A geographer is a scientist whose area of study is geography .
Each show 's taping included ( but was not necessarily limited to ) education , music , audience participation , games , interviews and cartoon shorts .
Despite the frequent turnover of hosts throughout the 1950s , Wonderama experienced its greatest viewership by way of one-time Baltimore kids ' show host Bob McAllister , who replaced Sonny Fox as host in 1967 and remained host until 1977 .
Wonderama also was run in five other markets in which Metromedia owned television stations , including WTTG in Washington D.C. , KMBC-TV in Kansas City , KTTV in Los Angeles , WXIX-TV in Cincinnati and WTCN-TV in Minneapolis - Saint Paul .
Wonderama was a long-running children 's television program .
The show ran three hours long , and later two hours on Sunday mornings .
Mutton was part of the failed Canadian bid to become the site of the new International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor ( ITER ) in 2003 .
First employed in 2001 to fund the South Courtice Arena and Recreation Complex , it is viewed as a cost-effective method to undertake large scale publicly funded projects .
Mutton returned to municipal politics in 2010 in an unsuccessful bid for appointment of Regional Chair , Durham Region .
He began his political career in 1997 as a Regional and Local Councillor of Clarington .
He is the youngest person to become mayor of Clarington and was one of the youngest Mayors in Canada .
After the loss of the project , Mutton championed for Darlington Nuclear Generating Station to become the site of a new nuclear facility in Ontario .
John Mutton ( born August 5 , 1966 ) is a former Mayor of Clarington , Ontario , Canada .
Mutton held office for 6 years ( 2000 - 2006 ) .
John Mutton was elected Mayor in 2000 at age 34 .
He lobbied for and supported the campaign to reform the position from an appointment to one that is elected .
He is credited with pioneering a method to finance new construction or major additions of buildings through issue of debentures by municipal government .
They have a culture , a language , proverbs , poetry and mythology .
Watership Down is a novel written by Richard Adams .
After hearing that Efrafa is large and overcrowded , Hazel sends four rabbits to Efrafa to ask if they could bring back some does to their warren .
Babies are at the highest risk for SIDS during their sleep .
Accidental suffocations are also sometimes misdiagnosed as SIDS and vice versa .
Grief support for families affected by SIDS is particularly important .
and caretakers of infants with SIDS are sometimes falsely accused .
Sudden infant death syndrome ( SIDS ) is the sudden and unexpected death of a human baby which is unexplained even after an autopsy and investigation .
The election process is set out in Articles 4-12 of the ICJ statute Generally , five members of the Security Council of the United Nations always have a judge from their country .
The fifteen permanent judges are elected from a list of persons nominated by the national groups in the Permanent Court of Arbitration .
However , sometimes smaller chambers of three to five judges hear and decide a case .
He is also known for his role in the 2007 movie Into the Wild , for which he was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award and an Academy Award .
Harold Rowe `` Hal '' Holbrook , Jr. ( born February 17 , 1925 ) is an American movie , television , stage and voice actor .
Here is the list of nominations or winning awards : Academy Awards Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards Chicago Film Critics Association Awards Online Film Critics Society Awards Screen Actors Guild Awards Primetime Emmy Awards
His first solo performance as Twain was at Lock Haven State Teachers College in Pennsylvania in 1954 .
These include Abraham Lincoln , Hays Stone in The Bold Ones : The Senator and Capt. Lloyd Bucher in Pueblo .
Holbrook has won three Tony Awards , in 1971 , 1974 , and in 1976 .
His parents left him , so he and his two sisters were raised by his grandparents in South Weymouth , Massachusetts .
Then he was married to Carol Eve Rossen from 1966 until they divorced in 1979 .
He was nominated for an Academy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award in 2007 for his role in Into the Wild .
Holbrook now lives in McLemoresville , Tennessee , and in Beverly Hills , California .
It was while at Yale that she wrote her first two books .
McCullough spent ten years from April 1967 to 1976 researching and teaching in the Department of Neurology at the Yale Medical School in New Haven , Connecticut , United States .
In 1984 a portrait of Colleen McCullough , painted by Wesley Walters , was a finalist in the Archibald Prize .
Instead , she switched to neuroscience and worked in Royal North Shore Hospital in Sydney .
The prize is for the `` best portrait painting preferentially of some man or woman distinguished in Art , Letters , Science or Politics '' .
Colleen McCullough-Robinson , AO , is an Australian author .
At the Great Ormond Street hospital in London , she met the chairman of the neurology department at Yale University .
Her mother was a New Zealander of part-Māori descent .
McCullough is a member of the New York Academy of Sciences .
In her first year of medical studies at the University of Sydney she suffered dermatitis .
She earned a living as a teacher , librarian , and journalist .
This led to her getting a Doctor of Letters degree by Macquarie University in 1993 .
McCullough was born in 1937 to James and Laurie McCullough .
She attended Holy Cross College .
There she met her husband , Ric Robinson ( then aged 33 ) .
She now lives in Sydney .
During her childhood , her family moved many times .
There is a difference between harmful apostasy and harmless apostasy ( also known as major and minor apostasy ) .
The Drug in Me Is You is the debut album of the post-hardcore band Falling in Reverse , released July 26 , 2011 .
Israel has a well-developed transportation system .
Jewish teachers wrote important Jewish books , called the Mishnah and part of the Talmud there , in the 2nd to 4th centuries CE .
There are also smaller religious Orthodox Jewish parties , special-interest parties , and Israeli Arab parties .
Ben-Gurion Airport is Israel 's main international airport .
The Prime Minister is the head of Israel 's government .
Tel Aviv and Haifa are Israel 's major manufacturing centers .
Pikmin 2 is a real-time strategy video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console .
It is the sequel to Pikmin .
There is no connecting term involved , to indicate the rank Paraserianthes sect .
Bellis perennis is the name of a species , with perennis the specific epithet .
The purpose of a formal name is to have a single name that is accepted and used worldwide for a particular plant or plant group .
A name of a `` subdivision of a genus '' also needs a connecting term ( in the Acacia example above , this is `` subg . ''
In botany there are many ranks below that of species ( in zoology there is only one such rank , subspecies , so that this `` connecting term '' is unnecessary there ) .
The cultivar Bellis perennis ` Aucubifolia ' is a golden-variegated horticultural selection of this species .
pontica ( a Mediterranean hawthorn ) A name in three parts , i.e. , an infraspecific name ( a name for a taxon below the rank of species ) , needs a `` connecting term '' to indicate rank .
The connecting term is not part of the name itself .
americana ( American hedge bindweed ) Crataegus azarolus var .
Later it has been introduced worldwide , bringing it into contact with more languages .
In the Calystegia example above , this is `` subsp . ''
For botanical nomenclature , the ICBN prescribes a two-part name or binary name for any taxon below the rank of genus down to , and including the rank of species .
Depending on rank , botanical names may be in one part ( genus and above ) , two parts ( species and above , but below the rank of genus ) or three parts ( below the rank of species ) : in one part Plantae ( the plants ) Marchantiophyta ( the liverworts ) Pinophyta ( the conifers ) Magnoliopsida ( class including the family Magnoliaceae ) Asteridae ( subclass including the family Asteraceae ) Rosaceae ( the rose family ) Fragaria ( the strawberry genus ) in two parts Acacia subg .
A botanical name is a formal scientific name that follows the International Code of Nomenclature for algae , fungi , and plants ( ICN ) and , if it concerns a plant cultigen , the additional cultivar epithets ( one or more words in the scientific name of a taxon following the name of the genus or species ) must follow the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants .
Taxa below the rank of species get a three part name .
The code of nomenclature covers `` all organisms traditionally treated as plants , whether fossil or non-fossil , e.g. blue-green algae ( Cyanobacteria ) ; fungi , including chytrids , oomycetes , and slime moulds ; photosynthetic protists and taxonomically related non-photosynthetic groups . ''
A binary name consists of the name of a genus and an epithet .
For example , the botanical name Bellis perennis was given to a plant species which is native to most of the countries of Europe and the Middle East , where it has various names in many languages .
Some English names for this plant species are : daisy , English daisy , lawndaisy .
Phyllodineae ( the wattles ) Citrus sinensis ( sweet orange ) in three parts Calystegia sepium subsp .
( for subspecies ) .
Indeed , presently no single morphological property is known , which would unify all the members of Laurales .
The order includes about 2500-2800 species from 85-90 genera , which comprise seven families of trees and shrubs .
The Laurales are an order of flowering plants .
Most of the species are tropical and subtropical , though a few genera reach the temperate zone .
The earliest lauraceous fossils are from to the early Cretaceous It is possible that the ancient origin of this order is one of the reasons for its highly diverged morphology .
The best known species in this order are those of the Lauraceae ( for example bay laurel or Laurus , cinnamon or Cinnamomum , avocado or Persea , and Sassafras ) , and the spice bush or Calycanthus of the Calycanthaceae .
This fact used to cause much argument among botanists regarding the correct circumscription of the order , and the presently accepted classification is based on recent molecular and genetic analysis .
Ian David Karslake Watkins ( born 30 July 1977 ) is a Welsh former musician .
Watkins was born in Merthyr Tydfil .
They made a band called Fleshbind .
Lettuce , tomatoes , feta , and olives are the most standard elements in an American `` Greek '' salad , but cucumbers , bell peppers , onions , radishes , dolmades , anchovies\/sardines and pickled hot peppers are common .
Rather than simple olive oil and vinegar , as in a μαρούλι - lettuce salad , prepared dressings containing various herbs and seasonings are frequently used .
In the Detroit , Michigan area , for example , a `` Greek salad '' also includes beets .
Various other salads have also been called `` Greek '' in the English language in the last century .
In these countries , the true Greek salad , when encountered , may be called by the Greek term horiatiki-pronounced ( hɔːriː ' ætɪkiː ) - or by such terms as `` country salad '' , `` peasant salad '' , or `` village salad '' , to avoid confusion .
This style of `` Greek salad '' is rarely encountered in Greece except in the homes of American Greeks or restaurants that cater to tourists .
In North America , Australia , South Africa and the United Kingdom , Greek salad has a different meaning : It is a lettuce salad , with Greek-inspired ingredients .
Greek salad is also found in other European countries for example Germany ( where it is often called Bauernsalat , literally farmers ' salad ) , France ( salade à la Grecque ) , Hungary ( görög saláta ) and Spain ( ensalada griega ) .
It is usually seasoned with salt , black pepper , and oregano and dressed with olive oil .
It is made of finely sliced lettuce , scallions , and fresh dill , and dressed with salt , black pepper , olive oil and red wine vinegar or lemon juice .
The salads of Greek cuisine are wide and varied .
The government of Colombia , the United States , Canada and the European Union have classified the organization as a terrorist group .
The FARC was established in the 1960s as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party .
There is , however , occasional confusion with similarly named actress Vanessa A. Williams , who is just two months younger .
The Screen Actors Guild eventually took the issue to arbitration , and decided that both actresses could use the professional name `` Vanessa Williams '' .
Her second studio album The Comfort Zone in 1991 topped the Billboard R&B Album Chart , which spawned the Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit `` Save the Best for Last '' .
A DNA test revealed that her ancestry is 23 % from Ghana , 17 % from the British Isles , 15 % from Cameroon , 12 % Finnish , 11 % Southern European , 7 % Togo , 6 % Benin , 5 % Senegal and 4 % Portuguese .
When Williams appeared as Miss America in a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade , Vanessa A. accidentally received her check for the appearance , which she returned .
It has been reported that Williams first became aware of Vanessa A. in the 1980s when her New York University registrar told her that another , similarly aged student with the same name and from the same state had applied .
Vanessa Lynn Williams ( born March 18 , 1963 ) , known professionally as Vanessa L. Williams or Vanessa Williams , is an American singer , actress , producer and former fashion model .
From 2006 to 2010 , she played the role of the scheming , self-absorbed diva and former supermodel Wilhelmina Slater in the ABC comedy series Ugly Betty , for which she got three Emmy Awards nominations .
From 2010 to 2012 , she starred in Desperate Housewives as spoiled rich woman Renee Perry .
Today , the younger Vanessa Williams is most often publicly and professionally referenced as `` Vanessa A. Williams '' .
In 2009 , Williams released her eighth studio album , The Real Thing .
She is credited as such in the American television series Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives .
Williams is also the owner of the internet domain name vanessawilliams.com .
She has also been in movies Soul Food , Dance with Me , The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland , Shaft and Johnson Family Vacation .
In 1995 she recorded `` Colors of the Wind '' , which became the Oscar-winner for Best Original Song from the Disney animated feature movie Pocahontas , which reached No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Williams released her debut album The Right Stuff in 1988 , which spawned the hits `` The Right Stuff '' , a # 1 on Hot Dance Songs , and `` Dreamin ' '' a # 1 on R&B and # 8 on Billboard Hot 100 .
As a compromise , Williams was occasionally credited as `` Vanessa L. Williams '' in acting credits .
She left her title early and was succeeded by the first runner-up , Suzette Charles of New Jersey .
She currently stars in the supernatural drama series 666 Park Avenue .
In 1983 , she became the first African-American woman crowned Miss America , but a scandal occured when Penthouse bought and published nude photographs of her .
Today , Williams ' prominence has led to a more wide association with the stage name `` Vanessa Williams '' , so much so that it has widely become only known to her .
Williams is most often known and publicly recognized simply as `` Vanessa Williams '' .
Both actresses starred in versions of the drama Soul Food ( Williams in the film version , and Vanessa A. in its Soul Food adaptation ) .
In 1994 she performed on Broadway in the musical Kiss of the Spider Woman .
The two ran into name conflict when Screen Actors Guild rules stopped the same stage naming .
Williams ' first film acting role was as the star of the feature film Eraser in 1996 .
She is the daughter of music teachers Helen L. ( nee Tinch ) and Milton Augustine Williams , Jr. .
Williams earned multiple Grammy , Emmy , and Tony Award nominations .
In 1994 , she did her first Broadway musical Kiss of the Spider Woman .
Cynodonts , one of the most diverse groups of therapsids , are named after their dog-like teeth .
The taxon is a clade which includes modern mammals and their extinct close relatives , the Mammaliaformes .
Live is a live album by American singer Usher .
Live reached number 73 on the Billboard 200 .
It was recorded on October 15 and 16 , 1998 in Chattanooga , Tennessee .
The album has sold over 200,000 copies in the United States .
It was released on March 23 , 1999 on LaFace Records .
Many critics did not like the `` poor live sound '' of Usher 's voice .
On the Top Music Videos chart , Live reached number 3 .
The gene in question , when mutated , makes the Drosophila flies look unusual .
On the other hand , mice express TLRs 11 , 12 , and 13 , none of which is present in humans .
This identified TLR4 as one of the key components of the receptor for LPS .
TLR signalling leads to the induction or suppression of genes that orchestrate the inflammatory response .
Toll-like receptors are now counted among the key molecules that alert the immune system to the presence of microbial infections .
Other mammals may express TLRs that are not found in humans .
They got their name from their similarity to the protein coded by the Toll gene identified in Drosophila in 1985 by Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard .
Most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of Toll-like receptors .
TLR 4 function as a lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) sensing receptor was discovered by Bruce A. Beutler and colleagues .
In 1996 , Toll was found by Jules A. Hoffmann and his colleagues to have an essential role in the fly 's immunity to fungal infection .
Toll-like receptors ( TLRs ) are proteins which act in the innate immune system and the digestive system .
These workers proved that mice which could not respond to LPS had mutations which abolished the function of TLR4 .
Once microbes get through physical barriers such as the skin or intestinal tract mucosa , they are recognized by TLRs .
For example , a gene coding for a protein like TLR10 in humans is present in mice , but seems to have been damaged at some time by a retrovirus .
Plant homologs were discovered in 1995 ( rice XA21 ) , and 2000 ( Arabidopsis FLS2 ) .
Thirteen TLRs ( TLR1 to TLR13 ) have been identified in humans and mice , and similar ones have been found in other mammalian species .
In all , thousands of genes are activated by TLR signalling , and the TLRs are one of the most important means of gene modulation .
TLRs are not identical in all mammals .
He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1943 .
Weill had to flee from Nazi Germany in March 1933 .
In 1934 , he completed his Symphony No. 2 , his last purely orchestral work , conducted in Amsterdam and New York by Bruno Walter .
As a famous and popular Jewish composer , he was a target of the Nazi authorities , who criticized and even interfered with performances of his later stage works , such as Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny , Die Bürgschaft ( 1932 ) , and Der Silbersee ( 1933 ) .
The next year he worked with Bertolt Brecht .
The Threepenny Opera includes a song which became Weill 's most famous song , `` Mack the Knife '' .
In 1924 , he met the singer and actress Lotte Lenya .
He wrote one more work with Brecht : the ballet The Seven Deadly Sins .
In Germany and Austria , there is a large variety of bread rolls , ranging from white rolls made with wheat flour , to dark rolls containing mostly rye flour .
Many variants include spices , such as coriander and cumin , nuts , or seeds , such as sesame seeds , poppy seed or sunflower seeds .
There are many names for bread rolls , especially in local versions of British English .
They are also common in both Australia and New Zealand , and very common in Canada .
An Italian form of bread roll is a small loaf of ciabatta which can be used to make a panino ( or panini ) .
In Denmark and Norway , rolls are called rundstykker ( literally `` round pieces '' ) and are comfort food eaten with butter for special weekend breakfasts .
Over time , most people started using one name to call all equal products regardless of whether it is right or not .
These were named depending on how the dough was made and how the roll was cooked .
It is the most visited national park in the United States .
The park has over 1,400 flowering plant species and over 4,000 species of non-flowering plants .
Park officials say there are more than 200 species of birds , 66 species of mammals , 50 species of fish , 39 species of reptiles , and 43 species of amphibians , including many lungless salamanders .
Over 100 species of trees grow in the park .
There are 850 miles ( 1,368 km ) of trails and unpaved roads in the park for hiking .
Great Smoky Mountains National Park is a national park in the United States .
The lower forests are mostly deciduous leafy trees .
Sixteen mountains in the park reach higher than 6,000 feet ( 1829 m ) .
The highest point is Clingmans Dome at 6,643 feet ( 2,025 m ) .
The park is along the Great Smoky Mountains , which are part of the Blue Ridge Mountains .
The park also offers backpacking and camping .
At higher altitudes , there are more coniferous trees .
It is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
A bit is a type of equipment that is put in a horse 's mouth to help control it .
The mouthpiece of the bit is the part that goes into the horses mouth .
It is attached to a bridle to hold it on the horse 's head , and to reins which the rider holds and allows them to control and cue the horse .
A Cocos dialect of Malay and English are the main languages spoken and 80 % of Cocos Islanders are Sunni Muslim .
In the 1970s , Australian government dissatisfaction with the Clunies-Ross feudal style of rule of the island increased .
By agreement the family retained ownership of Oceania House , their home on the island .
In 1978 , Australia forced the family to sell the islands for the sum of AU$ 6,250,000 , using the threat of compulsory purchase .
On November 23 1955 , the islands were transferred to Australian control under the Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands Act 1955 .
Instead the Australian government ordered that no government business was to be given to his shipping company , an action which contributed to his bankruptcy .
However , in 1983 the Australian government moved to dishonor this agreement , and told the former last ruler , John Clunies-Ross , that he should leave the Cocos .
The Territory of Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands , also called Cocos Islands and Keeling Islands , is a territory of Australia .
There are two atolls and twenty-seven coral islands in the group .
John Clunies-Ross lives in exile in Perth , Australia , but his successors still live on the Cocos .
In 2004 there were 629 people living on the Cocos ( Keeling ) islands .
The oak tree is a kind of hardwood forest tree .
This musky odour is used to attract females during mating season .
Fossil DNA evidence suggests muskoxen were not only more geographically widespread during the Pleistocene , but also more genetically diverse .
During that time , other populations of muskoxen lived across the Arctic , from the Ural Mountains to Greenland .
Together with the bison and the pronghorn , the muskox was one of a few species of Pleistocene megafauna in North America to survive the Pleistocene\/Holocene extinction event and live to the present day .
Muskoxen live in Arctic North America and Greenland , with small introduced populations in Sweden , Siberia and Norway .
The muskox ( Ovibos moschatus , musk ox ) is a large Arctic mammal of the Bovidae family .
It was the 2008th year of the Common Era , or of Anno Domini ; the 8th year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century ; and the 9th of the 2000s .
About 150,000 people die every day around the world .
He recognized that the length of the solar year is 365.2417 days .
It was used from 1684-1753 .
Shirakawa discovered errors in the traditional Chinese calendar which had been in use for 800 years .
The Jōkyō-reki system was the work of Shibukawa Shunkai .
He was born and raised in Oak Park , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago .
Carl Ransom Rogers ( January 8 , 1902 - February 4 , 1987 ) , was a 20th century influential humanistic psychologist .
Rogers identified five characteristics of a fully functioning person .
It is `` one of novelist Mikhail Bulgakov 's most beloved stories '' featuring a stray dog `` named Sharik , who takes human form '' as a slovenly and narcissistic incarnation of the New Soviet Man .
Overjoyed , the dog follows Filip back to his flat , where he is given a stock dog name , Sharik .
When Sharikov returns , the Professor and Bormenthal order him to leave the flat permanently .
At the house , Sharik gets to know Dr. Preobrazhensky 's household , which includes Doctor Bormenthal , Professor 's student and protegé and two female servants .
Instead of giving them their own room , as Sharikov demands , the Professor takes the woman aside and explains that Sharikov is the product of a lab experiment gone horribly wrong .
Then , to his surprise , successful surgeon Filip Filippovich Preobrazhensky arrives and offers the dog a piece of sausage .
Bormenthal then suggests that they redo the operation , using the body of a genius .
In conclusion , the Professor refuses to permit Sharikov 's murder or to undo the operation , which could easily kill him as well .
Again Bormenthal beats Sharikov up and makes him promise not to do anything of the sort .
Soon after Sharikov brings home a female co-worker , whom he introduces to the Professor as his new common law wife .
In the aftermath , the fully canine Sharik blissfully resumes his status as a gentleman 's dog .
Soon after , Sharikov returns , explaining that he has been granted a job by the Soviet State .
Later , Bormenthal begs the Professor for permission to dose Sharikov with arsenic , calling him a man with `` the heart of a dog '' .
Over the days that follow , the Professor and Bormenthal look far more relaxed than at any time before Sharikov 's arrival .
As a result , Sharikov curses in front of women , refuses to shave , and dresses like a slob .
Instead , Sharikov refuses and draws a revolver .
That night , an ominous silence reigns in the flat and the lights are left on for many hours after bedtime .
Again the Professor refuses , explaining that the operation was meant to improve the human race .
Breaking with his former beliefs , the Professor admits that any peasant woman could give birth to a genius and that eugenics are a waste of time .
Infuriated , Sharikov leaves the apartment and remains gone for several days .
Explaining that nothing is going to happen to him due to the State 's distrust of Sharikov , the Party official departs .
Impressed by his new master , Sharik slips easily into the role of `` a gentleman 's dog '' .
In the aftermath , the Professor and Bormenthal patiently attempt to teach Sharikov basic etiquette .
During the weeks after the operation , the household is stunned as Sharik begins transforming into an incredibly unkempt human .
The Professor is horrified and orders Bormenthal not to `` slander the dog '' .
Meanwhile , Sharikov turns the Professor 's life into a living hell .
Enraged , Bormenthal beats Sharikov up and forces him to apologize .
The Professor explains the change as a natural phenomenon , although it is obvious to the reader that in fact he and Bormenthal have simply performed the reverse operation .
The following day , a senior Party official arrives and tells the Professor that Sharikov has denounced him to the secret police , the Cheka .
Enraged , the Professor and Bormenthal pounce upon him .
Unintimidated , the Professor orders Bormenthal to summon Sharikov , who is slowly being transformed back into a dog .
Instead , Sharikov mocks the idea of manners as relics of Tsarism .
As a result , he refuses to decrease his seven room flat and treats the Bolsheviks on the housing committee with contempt .
He insists that it is better to behave , as he puts it , `` naturally '' .
Despite the Professor 's vocal anti-communism , his frequent medical treatment of the Party leaders makes him untouchable .
Moscow , 1924 .
He now spends his work-day strangling vagrant cats , whose fur is used to imitate that of squirrels .
He explains that the human body parts , which came from a drunken proletarian , are responsible for all of Sharikov 's defects .
However , he is soon terrified to see the Professor bringing home a human brain and removing the pituitary gland ...
It circulated in samizdat until it was officially released in the country in 1987 .
As Bormenthal assists , the Professor gives him a human pituitary gland and human testicles .
He is caught attempting to rape one of the female servants .
Its theme is `` the ( Communist ) revolution 's misguided attempt to radically transform mankind '' .
There , he is sedated and an operation begins .
Seething with hatred , Sharikov threatens to fire her .
Sharik is dragged by the scruff of the neck into the lab .
Hair dryers are usually used to speed up drying wet hair .
Comic books are thin comics magazines .
The first comic books were collections of comic strips .
Several details of its decoration , particularly the ` syncopated arches ' and the use of Purbeck marble shafts , reflect the influence of St Hugh 's Choir at Lincoln Cathedral , built a few years earlier .
Northwold 's chancel , completed by around 1252 , adopted several of the stylistic elements already used in the Galilee porch .
A ` Galilee ' porch was added under Bishop Eustace ( 1198-1215 ) in the Early English Gothic style .
The main transepts were built early on , crossing the nave below a central tower , and are the oldest surviving part of the cathedral .
The Anglo-Saxon church was demolished , but some of its relics , such as the remains of its benefactors , were moved to the cathedral .
Construction work continued throughout the 12th century .
Work began on a new eastern end in 1234 , replacing the short Norman chancel with a much grander 10-bay structure .
The Western transepts and tower were completed in an exuberant Romanesque style with a rich decoration of intersecting arches and complex mouldings .
She set up and ruled a monastery at Ely in 673 , and , when she died , a shrine was built there to her memory .
It was originally a two-storey structure where liturgical processions could gather before entering the nave .
The Cathedral is known locally as `` the Ship of the Fens '' , because of its prominent shape which towers above the surrounding flat landscape .
It is the main church of the diocese of Ely , and the seat of the Bishop of Ely .
The present cathedral was started by Abbot Simeon ( 1082-1094 ) in 1083 .
Note : GP = Games Played , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against , PIM = Penalty Minutes , Pts = Points Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold .
The 1939-40 NHL season was the 23rd season for the National Hockey League .
Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points Note : GP = Games played ; Min - Minutes Played ; GA = Goals Against ; GAA = Goals Against Average ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; SO = Shutouts Series A : Boston Bruins vs. New York Rangers Rangers win best of seven series 4 games to 2 Series B : Chicago Black Hawks vs. Toronto Maple Leafs Toronto wins best of three series 2 games to 0 Series C : New York Americans vs. Detroit Red Wings Detroit wins best of three series 2 games to 1 Series D : Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs Toronto wins best of three series 2 games to 0 Toronto Maple Leafs vs. New York Rangers New York wins best of seven series 4 games to 2 Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points ; PIM = Penalty Minutes Note : GP = Games played ; Min - Minutes Played ; GAA = Goals Against Average ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; SO = Shutouts
Coronel Fabriciano is a Brazilian city in the Vale do Aço metropolitan area , state of Minas Gerais .
In 2011 the project HelenOS took part on Google Summer of Code .
HelenOS is an operating system .
License of the source code is BSD license .
John Bodkin Adams ( 21 January 1899 - 4 July 1983 ) was a British doctor , fraudster and suspected serial killer .
132 left him money or gifts when they died .
The trial was reported in newspapers around the world and was described at the time as `` one of the greatest murder trials of all time '' .
He had one brother , William , born in 1903 .
His father died in 1914 and Adams was brought up by his mother .
Adams was arrested and tried for the murder of one patient in 1957 , but found not guilty .
It is named for Corio Bay .
The Division of Corio is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria .
In the past it has also included parts of the western suburbs of Melbourne .
Gordon Scholes was Speaker during the Whitlam Government and a minister in the Hawke Government .
It was one of the first 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901 .
Living in rural Michigan and struggling financially he made art from what was available ( Portland cement , scraps of lumber , pieces of plywood ) .
An exhibition organized by the John and Mable Ringing Museum in Sarasota and shared with the Norton Gallery in West Palm Springs followed a year later .
The first real recognition of his work began in 1966 with a retrospective exhibition mounted by the Grand Rapids Art Museum .
This exhibition brought Dawson to the attention of Robert Schoelkopf , who showed his work in New York in April 1969 and March 1981 .
When Dawson was diagnosed with cancer in 1968 , he sold the Michigan farm and moved to Sarasota permanently .
He met Lilian Boucher , the daughter of a local farmer , and fell in love .
Sheets of composite wood ( brand names Novoply and Timblend ) were laminated together for thickness and carved into freestanding sculptures .
In 1914 , Dawson participated in two group exhibitions .
They married in July 1915 and three children were born over the next five years .
He died on August 15 , 1969 .
He departed in mid-June 1910 for his only trip abroad .
He made his way across England to France , south through Germany , across Switzerland to Italy , back north for a second stay in Paris , and around northern Germany before embarking from Bremerhaven in late-November .
Manierre Dawson ( December 22 , 1887 , Chicago , Illinois - August 15 , 1969 , Sarasota , Florida ) was an avant-garde painter and sculptor .
After working for a year with a firm of architects , he was granted a six-month leave-of-absence for an educational tour of Europe .
In Sienna , he met and exchanged ideas on painting with John Singer Sargent .
1911 through 1914 were the most productive years of his career .
During his return visit to Paris he attended a Saturday evening soirée at the apartment of Gertrude Stein and he saw paintings by Paul Cézanne in the gallery of Ambroise Vollard .
Summers spent at the family 's retreat in Mason Country , Michigan were his most productive periods during his early career and provided rudimentary knowledge of growing and marketing fruit .
Curie became Doctor of Science in 1925 .
Irène Joliet-Curie ( 12 September 1897 - 17 March 1956 ) was a French scientist .
She did her thesis on the alpha rays of polonium .
She became Director of the Radium Institute in 1946 .
LDS scriptures include the Bible , the Book of Mormon , the Doctrine and Covenants , and the Pearl of Great Price .
Brigham Young led most of the Mormons to Utah in 1847 .
Right now , the President of the Mormon church is Thomas S. Monson .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) is the largest group in the Mormon movement .
It was based off the Book of Mormon , which Smith had translated from gold plates that were buried in a nearby hill .
Also , the Dalmatian was used for being a circus performer , vermin hunter , fire-apparatus follower , bird dog , hound dog , and as a guard dog .
The Dalmatian is a large , strong dog .
In the table below are some of Estes ' claimed values for specific impulses for several of their rocket motors : Estes Industries is a large , well known American seller of model rockets and rocket parts .
So , a fuel is more efficient if the specific impulse is higher .
The specific impulse for model rocket motors is much lower than for many other rocket motors because the black powder is used as a fuel .
Here are some example numbers for larger rocket engines :
If weight is used , the specific impulse is in units of time .
It is also called the effective exhaust velocity .
Specific impulse is a useful value to compare rocket or jet engines .
When specific impulse is measured as a speed , it has another name .
Specific impulse ( often shortened to Isp ) is a way to describe how well a rocket performs .
When the amount of fuel is measured in mass , the specific impulse is expressed as a speed .
Indie rock is a subgenre of alternative rock music which originated in the United Kingdom and North America in the early 1980s .
Indie rock and alternative rock are often used interchangeably .
It only has a few taste buds in the back of its throat .
Mating begins between May and August , and the eggs are laid in September .
The Komodo dragon has other names .
The Komodo dragon ( Varanus komodoensis ) is a species of lizard that lives in the Indonesian islands of Komodo , Rincah , Flores , Gili Motang , and Gili Dasami .
It also has a long , yellow , forked tongue .
The scales around its ears , lips , chin , and bottoms of the feet may have three or more of these connections .
They take around three to five years to mature and may live as long as fifty years .
Western scientists first saw Komodo dragons in 1910 .
It can also be called the Komodo Monitor or the Komodo Island Monitor by some scientists , but this is not very common .
The Komodo dragon is able to see in color , but has trouble seeing objects that do not move .
This creates a good environment for the dangerous bacteria that live in its mouth .
Young Komodo dragons live in trees , where they are safe from adult Komodo dragons and other animals that might eat them .
The Komodo dragon uses its tongue to taste and smell like many other reptiles .
Komodo National Park was made to help protect Komodo dragons .
Its saliva is red because its gums almost completely cover its teeth .
It has a tail as long as its body .
On June 4 , 2007 , a Komodo dragon attacked an eight-year-old boy on Komodo Island .
His final recordings were made in 1980 .
At that time he also recorded for Blind Pig Records .
In the 1930s he played with many musicians across the Mississippi delta region .
He is also known as Big Walter Horton or `` Shakey '' Horton .
He played frequently in the 1970s at blues and folk music festivals in the U.S. and Europe , often with Willie Dixon 's Chicago Blues All-Stars .
In the early 1950s he was one of the first musicians recording for Sam Phillips at Sun Records in Memphis , who would later record Elvis Presley .
In 1977 he joined Johnny Winter and Muddy Waters on Winter 's album I 'm Ready .
He was born in Horn Lake , Mississippi and started playing harp at the age of five .
After Junior Wells left the Muddy Waters Band he recorded one session with Waters .
Due to poor health he worked outside the music industry in the 1940s .
At this time he also was part of the Chicago blues scene , where he recorded amongst others with Eddie Taylor and Johnny Shines .
He made his first recording in Memphis with the guitarist Little Buddy Doyle .
It includes the interaction and maintenance of nuclear fission systems and components such as nuclear reactors , nuclear power plants , and nuclear weapons .
Nuclear engineering is a field of engineering dealing with application of atomic nuclei breakdown and other sub-atomic physics , based on the principles of nuclear physics .
Nuclear engineering also includes the study of nuclear fusion , medical and other applications of radiation , radiation safety , heat transport , nuclear fuel and other related technologies , nuclear proliferation , and the effect of radioactive waste or radioactivity on the environment .
Thomas John Ryan , Jr. ( August 5 , 1901 - January 28 , 1970 ) was a career American naval officer who rose to the rank of Rear Admiral .
The original version did not support the iPad , but Google planned to add iPad support .
Google Maps was launched on the iOS App Store on December 13 , 2012 .
With the release of the first iOS 6 beta in June 2012 , Apple announced that they had created their own map service .
iPad support was added with version 2.0 .
Google Maps has many of the features that are in their Android map application , including turn-by-turn navigation , street view , and public transit information .
It was initially reported shortly after the application was released that the number of iOS upgrades to iOS 6 increased by as much as 30 % .
The application 's user interface was completely redesigned .
iOS 6 was released on September 19 , 2012 with a new maps application that uses map data by Apple .
Google Maps is an application that was released by Google for iOS on December 13 , 2012 .
Google decided to create its own maps application after Apple 's built-in maps application was criticized a lot .
After only two days , the application had been downloaded over 10 million times .
Later reports suggested that the increase was actually because of the iPhone 5 's release in China .
The built-in maps application on iOS was used Google Maps until iOS 6 .
Indeed , two very large nearby galaxies , Maffei 1 and Maffei 2 , were discovered in the Zone of Avoidance by Paolo Maffei by their infrared emission in 1968 .
The Zone of Avoidance ( ZOA ) is the area of the night sky that is obscured by our own galaxy , the Milky Way .
In more recent years , many projects have attempted to bridge the gap in our knowledge caused by the Zone of Avoidance .
As a result , optical galaxy catalogues are usually very incomplete close to the galactic plane .
However , the effects of the Zone drops at longer wavelengths , such as the infrared , and the Milky Way is effectively transparent at radio wavelengths .
Examples of galaxies detected from their HI emission include Dwingeloo 1 and Dwingeloo 2 .
Even so , about 10 % of the sky remains difficult to survey because extragalactic objects ( for example , distant galaxies ) can be confused with stars in the Milky Way .
Projects to survey the Zone of Avoidance at radio wavelengths have detected many galaxies that could not be detected in the infrared .
Surveys in the infrared have given us a more complete picture of the extragalactic sky .
Dust and stars in the plane of the Milky Way ( the galactic plane ) obstruct our view of about 20 % of the sky at visible wavelengths .
After Luburić 's death , his successors on the organization commanding post , sought out criminal organization ties with La Cosa Nostra , the Provisional Irish Republican Army , and the Croatian Mafia in San Pedro .
Its leaders tried to distance the organization from the acts of the so-called renegade elements that hijacked international flights and served prison sentences for extortion .
The organization published its own magazine , Drina .
It embraced a radical nationalist ideology that differed only marginally from Ustaše ideology .
Odpor had stated that : '' ( We ) regard Yugoslavism and Yugoslavia as the greatest and only evil that has caused the existing calamity ( ... ) We therefore consider every direct or indirect help to Yugoslavia as treason against the Croatian nation ( ... ) Yugoslavia must be destroyed - be it with the help of the Russians or the Americans , of Communists , non-Communists or anti-Communists - with the help of anyone willing the destruction of Yugoslavia : destroyed by the dialectic of the word , or by dynamite - but at all costs destroyed . ''
Bombed were ( causing no injuries ) : Odpor was banned in Germany for terrorist activities and operated between legitimate emigre functions and a thuggish underworld .
The Croatian National Resistance ( Croatian : Hrvatski narodni odpor , further Odpor ) was a terrorist Ustaše emigrant organization .
It was founded in 1955 by escaped Ustaše war criminal Vjekoslav Luburić , a chief guard of the Jasenovac concentration camp .
The Australian branch was led by Ustashe Srecko Blaz Rover Odpor was heavily involved in racketeering , attempted murder , extortion , hijacking , terrorist bombing , and other violent crimes .
They were Miro Barešić 's killing of ambassador Vladimir Rolović , bomb attacks in Belgrade cinemas , terrorist group actions in Krajina region during the Croatian Spring of 1971 , and the JAT Flight 367 bombing of 1972 .
Doi was born in Sendai .
He was Apostolic Administrator of Roman Catholic Diocese of Yokohama from 1945 to 1947 .
In 1960 , Pope John XXIII created him Cardinal of Sant ` Antonio da Padova in Via Merulana .
In 1934 , he was made Secretary of the Apostolic Delegation to Japan .
Peter Tatsuo Doi ( ペトロ土井辰雄 , Peter Doi tatsuo ?
Doi was ordained as a priest in 1921 .
He was named Bishop of Tokyo in 1937 .
He won the title by defeating Kunde in a 15-round decision .
This fight was in Warragul , but most of Rose 's fights were held in Melbourne .
Lionel Edmund Rose MBE ( 21 June 1948 - 8 May 2011 ) was an Australian boxer .
In 1970 , at the age of 15 , Rose won the Australian amateur flyweight title .
Numata beat Rose by a 15-round decision .
Roy was a skilled fighter who competed in local house shows .
After this , he was rematched with Singtong Por Tor , whom he had previously beaten in a 12-round decision .
On 28 October 1966 , he fought for the Australian bantamweight title against Noel Kunde in Melbourne .
Five months later , he returned to Inglewood , where he faced Rubén Olivares on 22 August .
It made Rose a national hero in Australia , particularly among Aboriginal Australians .
He was born at Jacksons Track , and lived in the town of Warragul .
On 6 December , he fought against Chucho Castillo in Inglewood , California .
Rose continued boxing after his defeat against Olivares .
At the age of 10 , Rose was given a pair of gloves by his teacher , Ian Hawkins .
On 10 October 1970 , he beat future world lightweight champion Itshimatsu Suzuki in a 10-round decision .
As a professional boxer , Rose had a record of 42 wins and 11 losses , with 12 wins by knockout .
On 2 July of that year , Rose returned to Tokyo to defend his title against Takao Sakurai .
However , after losing four of his six matches , including one against Rafael Limón , he decided to retire forever .
Along the way he was helped by Jack and Shirley Rennie .
He fought Laurie Ny in Christchurch , New Zealand .
He beat Harada in a 15-round decision .
After this , Rose challenged Fighting Harada for the world bantamweight championship on 26 February 1968 in Tokyo .
Por Tor won in six rounds by earning more points than Rose .
Olivares knocked out Rose in the fifth round , and so Rose lost the world bantamweight title .
He then fought against world junior lightweight champion Yoshiaki Numata , on 30 May 1971 in Hiroshima .
Rose beat Castillo by decision , but the verdicts in favor of him made many in the crowd angry , as they supported Castillo .
Of his next nine fights , Rose won eight .
In 1967 Zukerman shared a joint first prize in the Leventritt International Competition with Kyung Wha Chung .
Pinchas Zukerman ( Hebrew : פנחס צוקרמן , ( born July 16 , 1948 in Tel Aviv ) is a famous Israeli violinist , violist , and conductor .
In April 1998 , he became music director of the National Arts Centre Orchestra in Ottawa .
He became chairman of the Pinchas Zukerman Performance Program at the Manhattan School of Music in New York City .
He was also artist in residence of the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra .
In the 1980s he was the musical director of the St Paul Chamber Orchestra .
The number of tuberculosis cases has been decreasing since 2006 , and new cases have decreased since 2002 .
The disease usually attacks the lungs , but it can also affect other parts of the body .
Experts believe that one third of the world population is infected with M. tuberculosis .
Diagnosis of active TB relies on radiology .
About eighty percent of the population in many Asian and African countries test positive in tuberculin tests , but only five to ten percent of the United States .
There is a form of tuberculosis that is resistant to all drugs .
Doctors use a skin test , called the Mantoux test , to detect latent TB .
TB is caused by several types of mycobacteria , usually Mycobacterium tuberculosis .
In 2007 , about 13.7 million chronic cases were active globally .
It is called bacillus Calmette-Guérin vaccine .
The line from Wuppertal to Radevormwald was closed in 1976 .
The Dahlerau train disaster was a railway disaster that happened on 27 May 1971 .
The victims were buried together in a large grave on the Radevormwald cemetery .
The locomotive of the freight train was repaired and stayed in service until 2001 .
The driver of the freight train later told that the dispatcher in the station had shown him a green light .
The dispatcher died a few weeks after the crash .
The dispatcher in the station would have to go outside and show a red lantern to the freight train , because there were no signals in the station .
Norton spent a lot of his early life in South Africa .
This is what his gravestone says : NORTON I EMPEROR OF THE UNITED STATES AND PROTECTOR OF MEXICO JOSHUA A. NORTON 1816 - 1880 Writer Mark Twain based the character of The King in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn on Norton .
It is used to collect Korea 's weather data , estimate crop yields , and gather data about the country 's forest coverage .
The Annoying Orange is a comedy web series created by Dane Boedigheimer .
The main character is an orange who annoys other fruits .
A paramedic is a health care professional who works in different cases of emergency .
They provide care for medical emergencies and trauma .
The axial shift was caused by the redistribution of mass on the Earth 's surface , which changed the planet 's moment of inertia .
The speed of the Earth 's rotation increased , shortening the day by 1.8 microseconds due to the redistribution of Earth 's mass .
These are expected changes for an earthquake of this magnitude .
Due to the conservation of angular momentum , such changes of inertia result in small changes to the Earth 's rate of rotation .
This deviation led to a number of small planetary changes , including the length of a day and the tilt of the Earth .
Portions of Japan closest to the epicenter experienced the largest shifts .
The Pacific plate itself may have moved westwards by up to 20 m ( 66 ft ) .
Kyodo news agency reported a four-metre-high tsunami hit the Iwate Prefecture in Japan .
It was also the fifth most powerful earthquake on Earth since modern record-keeping began in 1900 .
The nuclear power plants shut down automatically .
The tsunami warning issued by Japan was the most serious on its warning scale .
The biggest one was a 7.2 MW earthquake on 9 March , about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) from the main earthquake 's location .
About 51,000 people were moved away from the nuclear reactor at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in Fukushima city when its cooling system failed .
Pterosaurs are the earliest vertebrates known to have evolved powered flight .
Carville was the co-host of CNN 's Crossfire until its final broadcast in June 2005 .
He is married to Republican political consultant Mary Matalin .
As of 2008 , he hosts a weekly program on XM Radio titled 60\/20 Sports with Luke Russert , son of Tim Russert who hosted NBC 's Meet The Press .
Since its cancellation , he has appeared on CNN 's news program , The Situation Room .
Known as the Ragin ' Cajun , Carville gained national attention for his work as the lead strategist of the successful presidential campaign of then-Arkansas governor Bill Clinton .
The symbol for the number zero is `` 0 '' .
A zero digit is not always necessary in a different positional number system .
Seventeen players initially signed contracts .
The England women 's national football team plays for England in international women 's football .
In May 2009 it was announced that a number of the England Women 's Team would be awarded central contracts , to help the players concentrate on full-time training and playing , without having to fit it around full-time employment .
Its name is in honor of William W. Bibb , the first Governor of Alabama .
Bibb County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama .
623.03 square miles ( 1,613.6 km2 ) ( or 99.50 % ) is land and 3.14 square miles ( 8.1 km2 ) ( or 0.50 % ) is water .
In 1820 , it was renamed Bibb County .
It was named for the Cahawba River , ( now more commonly `` Cahaba River '' ) .
The county seat is Centreville .
As of 2010 the population was 22,915 .
The female descendants of the Bounty mutineers who lived on Pitcairn Islands could vote from 1838 .
Unmarried women who owned property could vote in New Jersey from 1776 to 1807 .
In Sweden , there was conditional women 's suffrage during the Age of Liberty ( 1718-1771 ) .
In the years before World War I , women in Norway ( 1913 ) and Denmark ( 1915 ) also won the right to vote , as did women in the other Australian states .
Finland was the first European country to introduce women 's suffrage , in 1906 .
In the 1792 election in Sierra Leone , all heads of household-one-third of whom were women-could vote .
Limited voting rights were also gained by women in several Western countries in the late 19th century , including Sweden , Finland and the United KIngdom .
Women 's suffrage is the right of women to vote and to be elected to an office .
It also elected the world 's first female members of parliament in its 1907 elections .
This right was kept when they were resettled on Norfolk Island in 1856 .
In 1068 his wife was still holding lands at Bures and Saint-Pair .
He returned the market to the abbey and paid restitution for their losses .
Roger I de Montgomery , was the seigneur ( lord ) of Montgomery and vicomte of the Hiesmois in Normandy .
Roger was forced into exile by Osbern the Steward .
He took over a woodland at ` Crispus Fagidus ' which belonged to Jumièges Abbey .
Roger was the son of Hugh de Montgomery and his wife Josceline .
He signed an early charter of Duke William simply as ` Roger of Montgomery ' .
Roger held the lands of Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery and Sainte-Foy-de-Montgommery .
He put an end to a market held by the same abbey and took it into his own domain .
But as the viscount he witnessed a royal charter to the abbey of St. Wandrille c. 1031-1032 .
He became the Viscount of the Heismois about the same time Robert I of Normandy became Duke in 1027 .
Scottish-born actor Mark McManus played the part of Kelly 's friend Joe Byrne .
It was a British production , but was filmed entirely in Australia , shot mostly around Braidwood in southern New South Wales , with mainly Australian actors .
The body armor costume worn by Jagger is on show at the Queanbeyan City Library , with the letters `` MJ '' scratched on the inside .
She was replaced by an unknown Australian actress , Diane Craig .
Jagger 's girlfriend , Marianne Faithfull , had come to Australia to play the lead female role of Ned 's sister , Maggie .
The actors and crew were often sick , some costumes were destroyed by fire , and Jagger 's co-star , Mark McManus , just escaped serious injury when a horse-drawn cart in which he was riding overturned during filming .
It was the second Australian feature length movie about Australian bushranger Ned Kelly .
Ned Kelly was directed by Tony Richardson , and starred Mick Jagger as Ned Kelly .
The movie was very poorly received at its opening , and is still said to be Richardson 's worst movie .
Ned Kelly is the name of a 1970 movie .
The Boys ' Singles tournament of the 2010 US Open started on Sunday September 5th , the seventh day of the main tournament .
Jack Sock , who received wildcard into the singles main draw , won this tournament , after defeating Denis Kudla in the final .
Bernard Tomic was the defending champion , but was no longer eligible to compete as a Junior this year .
At some sites such as the testis , macrophages have been shown to populate the organ through proliferation .
They also stimulate lymphocytes and other immune cells to respond to the pathogen .
Unlike short-lived neutrophils , macrophages survive longer in the body , up to several months .
Their role is to phagocytose ( engulf and then digest ) cellular debris and pathogens either as stationary or as mobile cells .
Monocytes and macrophages are phagocytes , acting in general immunity .
When a monocyte enters damaged tissue through the wall of a blood vessel it changes to become a macrophage .
Monocytes are attracted to a damaged site by chemical substances , triggered by a range of stimuli .
They also trigger specific defense mechanisms ( adaptive immunity ) of vertebrates .
Macrophages are white blood cells within tissues , produced by the differentiation of monocytes .
Its name is in honor of Colonel John G. Cullmann .
The historic Cherokee and Choctaw lived here at the time of European encounter .
Its county seat is the town of the same name , Cullman , Alabama .
Cullman County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama .
The Echota Cherokee are a recognized tribe still here .
Cullman County was formed by German American immigrants from Cincinnati , Ohio , in 1877 .
738.43 square miles ( 1,912.5 km2 ) ( or 97.83 % ) is land and 16.39 square miles ( 42.4 km2 ) ( or 2.17 % ) is water .
The last wild Carolina Parakeet was killed in Okeechobee County in Florida in 1904 , and the last bird kept by people died at the Cincinnati Zoo in 1918 .
It was not until 1939 , however , that it was agreed that all the Carolina parakeets had died .
It was found from the Ohio Valley to the Gulf of Mexico , and lived in old woods along rivers .
However , the American Ornithologists Union thought that they had probably recorded escaped pets .
The Carolina Parakeet died out for a number of reasons .
This was the male bird called `` Incas , '' who died within a year of his mate `` Lady Jane . ''
At some date between 1937 and 1955 , three parakeets looking like this sort of bird were seen and recorded on videotape in the Okefenokee Swamp of Georgia .
Additional sightings were recorded in Okeechobee County in Florida until the end of the 1920s .
Elizabeth Cutter Morrow was the first acting president of Smith College and the first female head of the college , but she did not use the title of president .
The United States Naval Reserve Midshipmen 's School at Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts , was a training ground for junior officers of the Women 's Reserve of the U.S. Naval Reserve ( WAVES ) .
Smith has had 10 presidents and two acting presidents .
That means its students can go to classes at four other schools : Mount Holyoke College , Amherst College , Hampshire College , and the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
On December 10 , 2012 , the Board of Trustees announced that Kathleen McCartney would be the president of Smith College starting on July 1 , 2013 .
For the 1975 centennial , the college had its first woman president , Jill Ker Conway .
On August 28 , 1942 , 120 women went to the school for training .
Smith College is a women 's college in Northampton , Massachusetts , United States .
The Smith campus covers 147 acres ( 0.6 km2 ) .
In 2013 , it was number 18 on U.S. News & World Report 's list of Best Liberal Arts Colleges .
It is the largest member of the Seven Sisters group of colleges .
This is called a `` bicameral '' legislature .
Flickr provides a free service for users to share their photos online with other people .
The processes for encryption and decryption are similar .
IDEA derives much of its security by interleaving operations from different groups - modular addition and multiplication , and bitwise eXclusive OR ( XOR ) - which are chosen to be `` algebraically incompatible '' .
IDEA was used in Pretty Good Privacy ( PGP ) v2 .0 after the cipher used in v1 .0 , BassOmatic , was found to be breakable .
It was meant to be a replacement for the Data Encryption Standard .
In cryptography , the International Data Encryption Algorithm ( IDEA ) is a block cipher designed by Xuejia Lai and James Massey of ETH Zurich in 1991 .
The name `` IDEA '' is also a trademark .
IDEA can be used with the OpenPGP standard .
Each of the eight round uses six sub-keys , while the half-round uses four ; for a total of 52 sub-keys .
The first eight sub-keys are extracted directly from the 128-bit key , with K1 being the lowest sixteen bits and K8 is the highest sixteen bits ; further groups of eight keys are created by rotating the main key left 25 bits after the creation of the previous group ; six rotations generate all sub-keys .
IDEA operates on 64-bit blocks , using a 128-bit key .
IDEA very like an earlier cipher called Proposed Encryption Standard ( PES ) , but with some improvements .
The cipher is patented in a number of countries but can be used by anyone for non-commercial use .
The Iron Pagoda , built in 1049 in Kaifeng , China , of glazed bricks is an example .
Glaze is also used on stoneware and porcelain .
Glaze is used on building materials .
Various metal oxides , such as sodium , potassium and calcium , act as a flux to lower the melting temperature .
Glaze can serve to color , decorate , strengthen or waterproof an item .
In addition to the functional aspect of glazes , they can form a variety of surface finishes , including degrees of gloss and matte and color .
Ceramic glaze raw materials generally include silica , which will be the main glass former .
Alumina , often derived from clay , stiffens the molten glaze to prevent it from running off the piece .
Colour comes from iron oxide , copper carbonate or cobalt carbonate .
Glazes may also enhance an underlying design or texture .
Glazing is important for earthenware vessels as otherwise they would leak water .
Tin oxide or zirconium oxide , are used to make the glaze opaque .
Pope Paul I ( Latin : Paulus Primus ; 700 - 28 June 767 ) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 94th Pope from from May 29 , 757 to June 28 , 767 .
He was the brother of Pope Stephen II .
With long straights and a variety of corners , the Circuit de Catalunya is seen as an all-rounder circuit .
This has led to criticism that drivers and mechanics are too familiar with Catalunya , reducing the amount of on-track action .
Because of so much testing is done at this circuit , Formula One drivers and mechanics are extremely familiar with it .
As in Formula 1 , turn one is the most popular place for overtaking .
The Circuit de Catalunya should not be confused with the Montjuïc circuit , which hosted the Spanish Grand Prix four times between 1969 and 1975 .
The chicane which was put in for Formula 1 does not exist in the track layout for Moto GP , and there are at least five points on the track where riders are known to pass .
The Circuit de Catalunya was built in 1991 .
The Circuit de Catalunya also plays host to many other racing series , including Moto GP .
Cars could closely follow each other through the last two corners .
The Olympic Games were scheduled to take place in Barcelona .
The idea of EU citizenship was started by the Maastricht Treaty , and was extended by the Treaty of Amsterdam .
Citizenship of the European Union was started by the Maastricht Treaty signed in 1992 .
The city was first built by the French before it became a territory of the United States when President Thomas Jefferson bought the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 .
Anthropology is the study of human beings .
The music video for the song , which was directed by Chris Robinson , was nominated for `` Best Hip-Hop Video '' at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards .
'' '03 Bonnie & Clyde '' is a single by rapper Jay-Z , featuring R&B singer Beyoncé .
Many European countries require a booster seat until the child is either twelve years old or 59 inches tall .
Children have to use booster seats so that the seat belt fits better .
Children under 40 inches are usually too small to use booster seats and have to use a car seat ( a child safety seat with an own seat belt system , used for children under the age of 4-6 ) .
Many countries have laws that require the use of booster seats .
Saints ( 1983 ) is a historical fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card .
Saints tells about the fictional character named Dinah Kirkham , from Manchester , England , who goes to the United States and becomes one of the multiple wives of Joseph Smith , who is founder of the Latter Day Saint movement .
Students need to have completed 90 to 120 credit hours of university level work ( see second entry degree ) and in most cases should already have a Bachelors Degree .
Doctor of Medicine ( MD , from the Latin Medicinæ Doctor meaning `` Teacher of Medicine '' ) is a doctoral degree for physicians ( medical doctors ) .
In other countries , such as the United Kingdom and Germany , the Doctor of Medicine is an advanced academic research degree similar to a PhD or a higher doctorate .
The man who had asked for Hercules 's help comes and takes Hercules to the cave where his brother was captured .
Later that evening , Hercules is working in the stable , Zeus appears and they talk .
He tells about the time when he had to fight Eryx the boxer to stop him from killing anymore people .
Minotaur taunts Zeus because he was unable to kill the Minotaur .
She tells him that he should not try to stop being Hercules , not for her or the children .
Zeus appears and tells Hercules what the monster is and why he wants Hercules .
Deianeira tells Iolaus that since Hercules gave up his adventures he has become sad .
Hercules remembers the time when he and Deianeira were swallowed by a sea serpent while looking for the lost city of Troy .
As they travel to Alturia , a young couple are looking for somewhere quiet .
The man says he has to because he is Hercules .
With the people of the village now safe and Iolaus freed , the two men go back home .
He asks Hercules to kill the Minotaur .
He asks the boys if they understand .
The other runs as the monster tells him to bring Hercules .
He tells him that he must help his village and that a monster has taken his brother .
Hercules tells Zeus that there have been no monsters for a while , which is good as he has now living with Deianeira and the children .
Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur is the fifth made for television movie based on the series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
He sees his sons fighting and tells them that they should not fight .
As they try to get through the door , a monster breaks through the door .
Hercules begins telling how the fire had gone from the Earth and that Deianeira 's village needed fire .
Later that evening Deianeria asks him why he refused to help .
The next day , he and Iolaus set off for Alturia .
As Hercules is about to kill the Minotaur , the creature tells him that he is really Hercules ' brother .
The two men enter the cave .
Zeus appears and tells the Minotaur that he still has not learned his lesson , he replies that he has been feeding on hate .
Outside the tavern , two men are killed and Hercules goes to see what happened .
Iolaus tells Hercules that he met a man who taught him to fight better .
Hercules turns to see it is Iolaus .
The Minotaur then attacks Hercules and Hercules has to kill him .
When a far off village is in danger from an unseen monster , Hercules is goes to help save the village from the monster .
Hercules tells them that he only fights when he has to and only to stop other people from being harmed .
The next day , Hercules is working in the stables .
She tells Hercules that there is not any monster .
Hercules has given up his days of traveling .
In the center of the cave , the Minotaur challenges Hercules .
In a forest , two men are looking for treasure .
At night , the children ask their father to tell them a story .
When Hercules attacks Iolaus , the smaller man does well at first .
He and Deianeira go to bed .
They get into a fight with some men because they do not believe that he is really Hercules .
While they are in the cave , the Minotaur comes and attacks them .
Hercules says he can not go .
His performances as Torquato Tasso in the Edinburgh International Festival production of Torquato Tasso , and Creon in the Citizens ' Theatre production of Oedipus earned him a special commendation for the Ian Charleson Award 1995 for `` Outstanding Performance by a Young Actor in a Classical Theatre Role '' .
Cusick 's first leading roles at the Citizens ' Theatre were Dorian Gray in The Picture of Dorian Gray with Rupert Everett , Hamlet in The Marovitz Hamlet with Helen Baxendale , and Horner in The Country Wife .
Henry Ian Cusick Chavez was born in Trujillo , Peru to a Peruvian mother and a Scottish father .
He was nominated for an Emmy for his guest role as Desmond Hume on the television series Lost .
He lived in Trinidad and Tobago for 10 years .
Cusick spent six months at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow and then joined the Citizens ' Theatre .
Henry Ian Cusick ( born April 17 , 1967 ) is an Emmy-nominated Scottish-Peruvian actor of stage , television , and movies .
This may include proof that the applicant is able to support himself in the host country ( lodging , food ) , proof that the person hosting the applicant in his or her home really exists and has sufficient room for hosting the applicant , proof that the applicant has obtained health and evacuation insurance , etc. .
The border crossing authorities make the final determination to allow entry , and may even cancel a visa at the border if the alien can not demonstrate to their satisfaction that they will abide by the status their visa grants them .
In certain circumstances , it is not possible for the holder of the visa to do this , either because the country does not have a mechanism to prolong visas or , most likely , because the holder of the visa is using a short stay visa to live in a country .
If there is no embassy or consulate in one 's home country , then one would have to travel to a third country ( or apply by post ) and try to get a visa issued there .
The need or absence of need of a visa generally depends on the citizenship of the applicant , the intended duration of the stay , and the activities that the applicant may wish to undertake in the country he visits ; these may delineate different formal categories of visas , with different issue conditions .
The issuing authority may also require applicants to attest that they have had no criminal convictions , or that they do not partake in certain activities ( like prostitution or drug trafficking ) .
A similar reciprocity often applies to the duration of the visa ( the period in which one is permitted to request entry of the country ) and the amount of entries one can attempt with the visa .
Brazil requires an advance visa before entry into the country , and that a US citizen be fingerprinted and photographed on arrival-matching U.S. requirements for Brazilians and other foreigners .
The issuing authority , usually a branch of the country 's foreign ministry or department ( e.g. U.S. State Department ) , and typically consular affairs officers , may request appropriate documentation from the applicant .
Some countries ask for proof of health status , especially for long-term visas ; some countries deny such visas to persons with certain illnesses , such as AIDS .
Countries may also issue re-entry permits that allow temporarily leaving the country without invalidating the visa .
Notable examples of countries requiring HIV tests of long-term residents are Russia and Uzbekistan .
Even a business visa will normally not allow the holder to work in the host country without an additional work permit .
For example , in Denmark a visa holder can apply to the Danish Immigration Service for a Residence Permit after they have arrived in the Country .
Staying longer than the period of authorized stay given by the immigration officers is considered illegal immigration even if the visa validity period is not over ( i.e. for multiple entry visas ) and a form of being `` out of status '' and the offender may be fined , prosecuted , deported , or even blacklisted ( banned ) from entering the country again .
Expedited processing of the visa application for some countries will generally incur additional charges .
However , in Uzbekistan , the HIV test requirement is sometimes not strictly enforced .
The fee charged may also be at the discretion of each embassy .
The exact conditions depend on the country and category of visa .
A number of countries , including Brazil , Chile , and Turkey have reciprocated .
Many countries have a mechanism to allow the holder of a visa to apply to stay longer in that country .
Once issued , a visa will usually have to be used within a certain period of time .
The validity of a visa is not the same as the authorized period of stay in the issuing country .
Common types of visas are : Less common visas include : Visas can also be single-entry , which means the visa is canceled as soon as the holder leaves the country , double-entry , or multiple-entry , permitting multiple entries into the country with the same visa .
Visas are associated with the request for permission to enter ( or exit ) a country , and are thus , for some countries , not the same as actual formal permission for an alien to enter and remain in the country .
Some countries will deny visas if the travellers ' passports show evidence of citizenship or travel to a country which is not recognized by that country .
Once in the country , the validity period of a visa or authorized stay can often be extended for a fee if the immigration authorities choose to do so .
Some countries , such as some states of the former Soviet Union , require that their citizens , and sometimes foreign travelers , obtain an exit visa in order to be allowed to leave the country .
Examples of such reciprocal visa regimes are between : A fee may be charged for issuing a visa ; these are typically also reciprocal , so if country A charges country B 's citizens 50 USD for a visa , country B will often also charge the same amount for country A 's visitors .
Such violation is not a violation of a visa , despite the common misuse of the phrase , but a violation of status , hence the term `` out of status . ''
For example , if a visa has been issued January 1st and expires March 30th , and the typical authorized period of stay in a country is 90 days , then the 90-day authorized stay starts on the day the passenger reaches the country , which has to be between January 1st and March 30th .
Entering a country without a valid visa or visa exemption may result in being arrested and removed ( deportation or exclusion ) from the country .
This reciprocal fee has become more common in recent years with the decision of the United States to charge nationals of various countries a $ 100 visa processing fee ( non-refundable , even if a visa is not issued ) .
Doing things that are not authorized by the status of entry ( for example , working while having a non-worker tourist status ) can result in the individual being deemed removable , in common speech an illegal alien .
In the United Kingdom applications can be made to the Border and Immigration Agency .
Developed countries frequently demand strong evidence of intent to return to the home country , if the visa is for a temporary stay , and especially if the applicant is from a developing country , due to immigration concerns .
For example , Saudi Arabia will not issue visas to nationals of Israel or those with evidence of visiting Israel .
Some visas can be granted on arrival or by prior application at the country 's embassy or consulate , or sometimes through a specialized travel agency with permission from the issuing country in the country of departure .
The visa validity usually indicates when the alien can apply for entry to the country .
Márton Fucsovics and Hsieh Cheng-peng were the defending champions , but Hsieh did not enter the junior competition this year .
Fucsovics played alongside Máté Zsiga , but the team lost to Guilherme Clézar and Tiago Fernandes in the second round .
Duilio Beretta and Roberto Quiroz defeated Oliver Golding and Jiří Veselý 6-1 , 7-5 in the final .
Phylogenies have two components , branching order ( showing group relationships ) and branch length ( showing amount of evolution ) .
Phylogenetic trees of species and higher taxa are used to study the evolution of traits ( anatomical or molecular characteristics ) , and the distribution of organisms ( biogeography ) .
Systematics is used to help us understand the evolutionary history of life on Earth .
Systematics is the study of the diversification of life on the planet Earth , both past and present , and the relationships among living things through time .
Relationships are usually seen as evolutionary trees ( cladograms , phylogenetic trees , phylogenies ) .
`` Systematic biology '' and `` taxonomy '' are terms that are often confused and used interchangeably .
No species , however , destroys more coccids and aphids , the worst foes of many plants .
It is fond of young buds of various trees , and may pull them to bits in the hope of finding insects .
Seeds are eaten , as with all this family .
It also eats leaf miner grubs and green tortrix moths ( Tortricidae ) .
The Blue Tit , Cyanistes caeruleus , is a passerine songbird in the family Paridae .
The Blue Tit has an average life expectancy of 1.5 years The Blue Tit is a destroyer of pests .
It lives throughout temperate and subarctic Europe and western Asia in deciduous or mixed woodlands .
An interesting example of culturally transmitted learning in birds was the phenomenon dating from the 1960s of Blue Tits teaching one another how to open traditional British Milk bottles with foil tops , to get at the cream underneath .
One reason for this may be that it is more difficult to compare the size of items in a chart when area is used instead of length .
The pie chart and the bar chart have the same data .
Most people have difficulty putting the slices in the pie chart in order by size from biggest to smallest .
A drum is a musical instrument that is struck with the hands or with a drum stick ( a stick for hitting a drum ) .
A collection of drums and cymbals is called a drum kit , or drum set .
Lifeline is a non-profit organization that provides free , 24-hour telephone support to people in need .
Lifeline has more than 260 retail outlets around Australia that sell clothes and furniture to make enough money to pay for training and office space they use .
Some Lifeline Centres also provide other support services that may have group support , assistance with food & bills and support for the old people .
The 2010 report recorded 2,361 deaths by suicide in Australia , 480 more deaths than in 2007 .
A lifeline Assistance called Volunteer Crisis Supporters provides suicide prevention services ( trying to persuade people not to kill themselves ) and mental health support ( helping with depression and other issues ) .
Some Lifeline Centres have few stores which helps them with day-to-day spending .
More than 400,000 calls are served by the Lifeline Assistance every year .
It was under the Roman sphere of influence in 66 BC .
In AD 387 , Armenia was divided into Byzantine Armenia in the west and Persian Armenia in the east .
Uetersen is home to the Rosarium Uetersen , the oldest and largest rose garden in Northern Germany , created in 1929 .
Uetersen ( IPA : ( ˈyːtɐzən ) ) is a small city in the district of Pinneberg , in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .
7 km ( 4 miles ) south of Elmshorn , and 30 km ( 18 miles ) northwest of Hamburg .
Archimedes ' treatise , On floating bodies , proposition 5 states : For more general objects , floating and sunken , and in gases as well as liquids ( i.e. a fluid ) , Archimedes ' principle may be stated thus in terms of forces : For a sunken object , the volume of displaced fluid is the volume of the object , and for a floating object on a liquid , the weight of the displaced liquid is the weight of the object .
He collected about 150 folk songs in Norfolk and Suffolk and made many arrangements of them .
When he left school in 1913 he started to study piano and composition at the Royal College of Music with Charles Villiers Stanford .
In 1908 , he went to Uppingham School where he spent five years .
At first he was taught at home by a governess .
In 1945 , after Warlock had died , Moeran married the cellist Peers Coetmore .
Moeran gradually became an alcoholic .
By the mid-1920s , Moeran had become close friends with Peter Warlock .
His teacher this time was John Ireland who had been a pupil of Moeran 's earlier teacher Stanford .
Moeran became interested in folk music .
The marriage was not very happy although it helped Moeran to compose some of his best pieces : the Cello Concerto and Cello Sonata .
Ernest Moeran ( born Heston , Middlesex , England , 31 December 1894 ; died 1 December 1950 ) was an English composer .
Jelckama was born in the year 1490 in a large family of farmers and petty noblemen .
After a series of defeats , he and what was left of the Frisian army were captured in 1523 and taken to the city of Leeuwarden in Frisia .
Together with Pier Gerlofs Donia , Jelckama fought against the Saxon warriors that occupied their homeland of Frisia , at the capture of Medemblik , and in the siege of Middelburg castle .
One of his ancestors from his father 's side of the family had died at the Siege of Antioch .
He was descended from knights who had participated in the Crusades .
It was the last successful revolt in Frisian history and is remembered as such to this day .
With the death of Jelckama and the rebels , the independence of Frisia came to an end .
After Donia had died in 1520 , Jelckama took over the command of the armies .
In 1965 India Pakistan war this force fought valiantly and successfully in a number of skirmishes in Lathitila , Dohogram , Laksmipur , Assalong and Boroibari .
Major Tofael was awarded the highest military award of erstwhile Pakistan , ` Nishan-e-Haider ' , for his action in the Laksmipur Operation .
A number of Metropolitan Armed Police of Calcutta and some 1,000 ex-soldiers of West Pakistan merged into this force .
Officers from the army were transferred to command and reorganize EPR .
In 1958 , it was also assigned the anti-smuggling duties on top of its primary role as the border guards .
After the partition of the Indian sub-continent ` Eastern Frontier Rifles ' was re-grouped and renamed East Pakistan Rifles .
The strength of the force was 13,454 during March 1971 .
It was the primary border protection force of the then East Pakistan provincial region .
The adjoining settlement , on the Aberdeen to Peterhead road , was for many years known simply as Stirling : in 2004 , it was renamed Stirling Village , to avoid confusion with the newly-granted city of Stirling .
It is 29 miles ( 47 km ) north of Aberdeen and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of Peterhead .
Sea cliffs rise to 200 feet ( 61 m ) , south of the village : a coastal path leads along these to the Bullers of Buchan .
Coordinates : 57 ° 28 ′ 13 ″ N 1 ° 46 ′ 39 ″ W \/ 57.4702 ° N 1.7775 ° W \/ 57.4702 ; -1.7775 Boddam is a coastal village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Bullfrogs live in most parts of Canada , Mexico and the United States .
Bullfrogs are native to most of North America , Canada and Mexico .
Bullfrogs have brown or gold eyes .
The American bullfrog is also known as Lithobates catesbeianus .
Bullfrogs are semi-aquatic frogs .
Bullfrogs live in large bodies of water such as swamps , lakes , and ponds .
Bullfrogs can be kept as pets .
Martha was the only known storm to make landfall in Panama .
Martha made landfall in Veraguas Providence in Panama .
In addition , Finnix uses SquashFS to keep distribution size low .
Finnix is released as a small bootable CD ISO .
Finnix can be run completely within RAM , provided the system has at least 192 MiB RAM available .
On 23 October 2005 , Finnix 86.0 was released .
Earlier unreleased versions ( 84 , and 85.0 through 85.3 ) were `` Knoppix remasters '' , with support for Linux LVM and dm-crypt being the main reason for creation .
A user can download the ISO , burn the image to CD , and boot into a text mode Linux environment .
Any changes made during the Finnix session are transparently written to RAM and discarded upon shutdown .
However , 86.0 was a departure from Knoppix , and was derived directly from the Debian `` testing '' tree .
Most hardware devices are detected and dealt with automatically , such as hard drives , network cards and USB devices .
Finnix 0.01 was based on Red Hat Linux 6.1 , and was created to help with administration and recovery of other Linux workstations around Finnie 's office .
Finnix was created in 1999 , making it one of the oldest Linux distributions with the intent of being run completely from a bootable CD ( the other Live CD around at the time was the Linuxcare Bootable Business Card CD , first released in 1999 ) .
Finnix is a Debian based Live CD Linux distribution , developed by Ryan Finnie and intended for system administrators for tasks such as filesystem recovery , network monitoring and OS installation .
A user can modify files nearly anywhere on the running CD via UnionFS , a filesystem that can stack a read-write filesystem ( in this case , a dynamic ramdisk ) on top of a read-only filesystem ( the CD media ) .
Finnix requires at least 32MiB RAM to run properly , but can use more if present .
Finnix is a small Linux Distribution , with an ISO download size of approximately 100 MiB .
Common spacing is one plant per square for larger plants such as broccoli and basil , four per square for medium large plants like lettuce , nine per square for medium - small plants like spinach , and sixteen per square for small plants such as onions and carrots .
They are known for philosophical lyrics , sonic experimentation , innovative cover art , and big live shows .
Pink Floyd had moderate mainstream success and were one of the most popular bands in the London underground music scene in the late 1960s led by Syd Barrett ; however , Barrett 's decline in health would eventually forced his band members to replace him with guitarist and singer David Gilmour .
The band recorded several albums , achieving worldwide success with The Dark Side of the Moon ( 1973 ) , Wish You Were Here ( 1975 ) , Animals ( 1977 ) , and The Wall ( 1979 ) with all of them topping the American record chart with the exception of Animals .
Waters sued the remaining members for the rights to the name , Waters lost and the band enjoyed worldwide success with A Momentary Lapse of Reason ( 1987 ) and The Division Bell ( 1994 ) .
One of rock music 's most successful acts , the group have sold over 210 million albums worldwide , including 74.5 million albums in the United States alone .
In 1985 , Waters stated that Pink Floyd was no more , but the remaining members , led by Gilmour , continued recording and touring under the name Pink Floyd .
The album was released as a double disc , the first disc contained songs performed live the other disc contained the new studio recorded songs .
Pink Floyd has released twelve studio albums , four live albums , seven compilations , five soundtracks , thirty-five singles , eleven music videos , four video albums and three box sets .
Formed in 1964 , Pink Floyd was first known for their psychedelic or space rock music and in later years their progressive rock music .
Singer and bass player Roger Waters gradually became the leader of the band in the mid-1970s , until 1985 when he left the group .
After Barrett left the group Pink Floyd released Ummagumma .
The Dark Side of the Moon is the third best-selling studio album in the world ( not counting compilations and various artists soundtracks ) .
Elementary schools include Beverly Park Elementary , Mount View Elementary , Southern Heights Elementary , and White Center Heights Elementary .
Secondary schools include Cascade Middle School , New Start High School , and Evergreen High School .
White Center is a part of the Highline School District .
White Center is a place in King County , Washington , United States .
Evergreen has three `` small schools '' on its campus , namely the Arts & Academic Academy , the Health , Science , & Human Services School , and the Technology , Engineering , & Communications Schools .
It is near Seattle and Burien .
A Derny is a motorised bicycle designed and built for motor-paced cycling events ( e.g. : motor-paced races in six-day and Keirin racing ) or motor-paced road races .
A derny race is a race in which the cyclists are paced by someone riding a derny .
The Bad Girls Club 4 was the fourth season of The Bad Girls Club .
No points are awarded for a loss .
The Scottish Premier League ( currently known as the Clydesdale Bank Premier League or SPL ) was a professional competition for football clubs .
The increase from 10 clubs to 12 was part of the deal offered to get approval from SPL member clubs .
Former Rangers manager Alex McLeish accused the SPL of taking Scottish football `` back to the Dark Ages '' after its decision to stop the winter break , meaning that they were going back to an old , outdated system .
Three points are awarded for a win and one point for a draw .
Eighteen clubs have played in the SPL since it began in 1998 , but only two have won the title : the Old Firm of Celtic and Rangers both seven times .
If two or more teams are equal on points , then the difference between of goals scored and goals against is considered .
Former Celtic manager Martin O'Neill , former Dundee manager Jim Duffy , and former Rangers manager Walter Smith are among those who have asked to start the winter break again .
The season runs from August until May each year .
Each club will then play five more games against clubs in their half of the table .
The Code of Hammurabi was one of many sets of laws in the Ancient Near East .
The Code of Hammurabi was a code of Babylonian law .
Creation myths are usually part of religions and mythologies .
The Lady Louise Windsor ( Louise Alice Elizabeth Mary ; born 8 November 2003 ) is the oldest of the two children of Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex and Sophie , Countess of Wessex .
Lady Louise is technically styled as Her Royal Highness Princess Louise of Wessex .
Lady Louise is the youngest granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II .
The first victim , William Sproat , died on 23 October 1831 .
This settlement was granted a charter in 1179 by Hugh Pudsey , then the Bishop of Durham .
The Victoria Hall was a large concert hall on Toward Road facing Mowbray Park .
Around this time , Sunderland was also known as ` Sunderland-near-the-Sea ' .
Biscop 's monastery was the first monastery built of stone in Northumbria .
This had a big impact on Sunderland , which was selling more and more coal .
In the late eighth century , the Vikings began to raid the coast , and by the middle of the ninth century , the monastery had been abandoned .
The Victoria Hall was used until 1941 when it was destroyed by a German bomb .
On 16 June 1883 , 183 children died .
At the bottom of the staircase , the door only opened inward and was bolted so that only one child at a time could get through .
Only poor quality coal was used in salt panning ; the best coal was sold and shipped out of the town .
This stopped the Newcastle coal trade and allowed the Sunderland coal trade to grow .
By 1100 , the Bishopwearmouth parish included a small fishing village at the mouth of the river ( modern day East End ) known as ` Soender-land ' ( which changed into ` Sunderland ' ) .
This law still remains in full force to this day .
In 1589 , salt making started in Sunderland .
It was the first British town to be affected by ` Indian cholera ' epidemic .
In 686 , the community was taken over by Ceolfrid , and Wearmouth monastery and its other site in Jarrow became very important places of learning in Anglo-Saxon England .
A memorial statue , which is a crying mother holding a dead child , is now back in Mowbray Park with a protective canopy .
As more coal was needed to heat the salt pans , coal mining started in the area .
Bede wrote the Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum ( The Ecclesiastical History of the English People ) in 731 .
Those at the front were trapped , and were crushed by the weight of the crowd behind them .
Wearmouth Bridge was the biggest single span bridge in the world .
The three original settlements of Wearmouth ( Bishopwearmouth , Monkwearmouth and Sunderland ) had started to join up .
This led to the invention of ` push bar ' emergency doors .
The Codex Amiatinus , was written and painted at the monastery and was probably worked on by Bede who was born at Wearmouth in 673 .
Coordinates : 54 ° 54 ′ 22 ″ N 1 ° 22 ′ 52 ″ W \/ 54.9061 ° N 1.38113 ° W \/ 54.9061 ; -1.38113 Sunderland ( pronounced : \/ ` sund ?
This meant it never had the problem of allowing people to cross the river without stopping high masted vessels .
It sits at the mouth of the River Wear Sunderland started as three small villages : Sunderland grew as a port , mostly selling coal and salt .
By 1346 , ships were being built at Wearmouth .
When cholera broke out in 1831 , the `` select vestrymen '' , as the church councillors were called , did not know what to do about the epidemic .
A new parish of Sunderland was created and Holy Trinity , Sunderland parish church was built .
Farther up the river , another bridge , the Queen Alexandra Bridge , was built in 1910 , linking the areas of Pallion and Southwick .
Large vats , called '' panns '' , of seawater were put on coal fires .
The name Pichilemu comes from the Mapudungún words pichi ( little ) and lemu ( forest ) .
Agustín Ross turned Pichilemu into a summer resort town for the people from Santiago .
Pichilemu has many dark sand beaches .
President Jorge Montt and his Minister , Manuel José Irarrázabal , the city was officially established on December 22 , 1891 .
Pichilemu is located 126 kilometres ( 78 mi ) west of San Fernando , Chile and just east of the Pacific Ocean .
It is around a three-hour drive to the Andes Mountains .
They also built homes along the dock on what is now Ortúzar Avenue .
Agustín Ross Edwards was a Chilean writer , Member of Parliament , minister and politician .
In 1891 , during the Chilean Civil War , Daniel Ortúzar and the priest of Alcones were taken prisoners from Pichilemu through the dock .
Additionally , he built a park and a forest of more than 10 hectares .
Pichilemu borders Litueche to the north , Paredones to the south , Marchigüe and Pumanque to the east , and the Pacific Ocean to the west .
Gustav Mahler was born on 7 July 1860 into a Jewish family .
He met the grandson of the composer Carl Maria von Weber who gave him sketches for an opera Die Drei Pintos which Weber had left unfinished .
Mahler did not try to change this .
One of them , Alfred Roller , designed the sets for a new production of Tristan und Isolde .
In census data , the abbreviation T.P. is used to indicate a `` Town Panchayat '' .
Tamil Nadu was the first state to introduce the panchayat town as an intermediate step between rural villages and Urban Local Bodies ( ULB ) .
Each state of India has an organization that manages panchayat towns .
It refers to any small town which is formed under the Panchayati raj administrative system .
The average distance from Kepler-22b to its host star Kepler-22 is about 15 % less than the distance from Earth to the Sun but the luminosity ( light output ) of Kepler-22 is about 25 % less than that of the Sun .
If the orbit is indeed highly elliptical , then the temperature variance range will be extreme .
If the planet is found to move in a highly elliptical orbit , its surface temperature will vary from a higher temperature when close to Kepler-22 to lower when further away .
This combination of a shorter average distance from the star and a lower stellar luminosity are consistent with a moderate surface temperature at that distance if we assume that the surface is not subject to extreme greenhouse heating .
On December 5 , 2011 , the confirmation of the existence of Kepler-22b was announced .
Kepler-22b 's first transit in front of its host sun was observed on Kepler 's third day of scientific operations in mid-2009 .
It is also the first known planet to orbit within the habitable zone of a Sun-like star .
It is located about 600 light years away from Earth in the constellation Cygnus .
Kepler-22b is an extrasolar planet orbiting ( going around ) G-type star Kepler-22 .
Kepler-22b 's third transit was detected in late 2010 .
Scientists can estimate the possible surface conditions as follows :
The Spitzer Space Telescope provided more data that confirmed Kepler-22b 's transits .
Crater Lake has no streams flowing into or out of it .
Crater Lake National Park is a national park in the U.S. state of Oregon .
It is the deepest lake in the United States , the second deepest in North America and the ninth deepest in the world .
All water that enters the lake is eventually lost from evaporation or flowing away underground .
The park includes the caldera of Crater Lake , the remains of the destroyed volcano Mount Mazama , and nearby hills and forests .
It is the only national park in Oregon .
The lake is re-filled only from snow and rain .
Hurricane Lenny was the last major hurricane , hurricane , named storm and depression of the 1999 Atlantic hurricane season .
He is also thought to be the one who built the Great Pyramid of Giza , one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
Khufu was the second pharaoh of the Fourth dynasty .
Project Kaisei is a project to study and clean up the garbage patch launched in March 2009 .
In April 2008 , Richard Sundance Owen , a building contractor and scuba dive instructor , started the Environmental Cleanup Coalition to solve the problem of the pollution in the North Pacific .
In August 2009 two ships from the project , the RV New Horizon and the Kaisei , went to research the patch and decide the possibility of a commercial scale collection and recycling operation .
The Great Pacific Garbage Patch is a big patch of garbage and debris in the middle of the northern Pacific Ocean .
The basic message was that the states were the ultimate parties constituting the federal compact , and that therefore the individual states were ultimate arbiters of whether the compact had been broken by the usurpation of power .
Particularly at issue was the sense in which the states were parties to the federal compact .
To remedy the defects revealed by the passage of the Alien and Sedition Acts , Madison called for citizens to have an absolute right to free speech .
Jefferson , the leader of the Republican Party and then-Vice President , wrote to Madison in August 1799 outlining a campaign to strengthen public support for the principles expressed in the Virginia and Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 ( commonly referred to as `` the principles of ' 98 '' ) : In response to this letter , Madison visited Jefferson at Monticello during the first week of September .
Either formulation would help the Republican cause by refuting the finality of any constitutional interpretation advanced by the Congress and federal judiciary , both of which were dominated by Federalists .
H. Jefferson Powell , a modern jurist , identifies three persistent themes of Republican constitutionalism which emerged from the Resolutions and the Report : ( 1 ) a textual approach to the Constitution , ( 2 ) the compact theory , and ( 3 ) that caution , not trust , should characterize our approach to those who hold political power .
More generally , the Report made the argument in favor of the sovereignty of the individual states , for which it is best known .
The Report of 1800 , Madison argued , did not say the government was a compact of the individual states , as the pro-nullification elements suggested .
The first major goal of the Resolutions was to bring about the repeal of the Alien and Sedition Acts by generating public opposition that would be expressed through the state legislatures .
Whether Madison 's theory of republicanism really supported the nullification movement , and more broadly whether the ideas he expressed between 1798 and 1800 are consistent with his work before and after this period , are the main questions surrounding the Report in the modern literature .
The most significant of these were the Alien and Sedition Acts , four laws that allowed the President to deport aliens at will , required a longer period of residence before aliens could become citizens , and made it a crime to publish malicious or defamatory material against the government or its officials .
Jefferson eagerly sought copies for distribution to Republican members of Congress departing for their home states , and when they failed to arrive he entreated Monroe for at least one copy that he could reproduce .
Once at Richmond , Madison began drafting the Report , though he was delayed by a weeklong battle with dysentery .
The arguments made in the Resolutions and the Report were later used frequently during the nullification crisis of 1832 , when South Carolina declared federal tariffs to be unconstitutional and void within the state .
The reason for the criticism was that the General Assembly , led in the effort by state-sovereignty advocate John Taylor of Caroline , had put a state-sovereignty spin on the Virginia Resolutions of 1798 despite Madison 's hopes .
Spencer Roane described it as `` the Magna Charta on which the republicans settled down , after the great struggle in the year 1799 . ''
Their discussion was important in that it persuaded Jefferson to depart from his radical stance on dissociation from the Union , which is expressed at the end of the excerpt above .
Madison won over Jefferson , who shortly thereafter wrote to Wilson Cary Nicholas that : `` From ( this position ) I retreat readily , not only in deference to ( Madison 's ) judgment but because as we should never think of separation but for repeated and enormous violations , so these , when they occur , will be cause enough of themselves . ''
In defense of Virginia Republicans and the Resolutions , Madison emphasized that even if one disagreed with the compact theory , the Virginia Resolutions and the Report of 1800 themselves were simply protests , which states were surely entitled to produce .
On December 23 , Madison moved for the creation of a special seven-member committee with himself as chairman to respond to `` certain answers from several of the states , relative to the communications made by the Virginia legislature at their last session . ''
The General Assembly arranged for five thousand copies to be printed and distributed in the state , but there was not much public response to the Report , and it appears to have had relatively little impact on the presidential election of 1800 ( which was , nevertheless , a major victory for the Republicans and a repudiation of Federalist policies ) .
Madison thought the Resolutions and Report were consistent with this principle while the Ordinance of Nullification was not .
Rather the Report of 1800 described a compact of `` the people in each of the States , acting in their highest sovereign capacity . ''
According to Kevin Gutzman , the Report , together with the Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions , forms a foundation for the `` radical southern states ' rights tradition . ''
Madison writes that the ability to prosecute speech amounts to `` a protection of those who administer the government , if they should at any time deserve the contempt or hatred of the people , against being exposed to it . ''
Adrienne Koch and Harry Ammon , examining Jefferson 's later writing , conclude that Madison had a significant role `` in softening Jefferson 's more extreme views . ''
While the Federalists interpreted the amendment as limiting the power of Congress over the press , but implying that such power existed , Madison argued that the First Amendment wholly prohibited Congress from any interference with the press .
The task of writing the Virginia Report was left solely to Madison .
Jefferson hoped for further involvement with the production of the Report and planned to visit Madison at Montpelier on his way to Philadelphia , the national capital , for the winter session of the United States Congress .
The main point of contention was the meaning of the third of the Virginia Resolutions : This resolution had been the principal target of the Federalist attack on the Resolutions .
The Alien Act granted the President the unenumerated power of deporting friendly aliens .
As well , Madison attacked Federalist carriage laws and bank laws as unconstitutional .
Though certain to pass due to the Republican majority , which had recently been solidified by the election of a Republican clerk and speaker of the House , the Report was debated for five days .
It was the presence of this argument in the Resolutions that had allowed the Federalists to paint the Republicans as leaning toward secession ; in the amended Report the line is moderated , with an emphasis that it is the states as political societies of the people ( and therefore , one reads in , not the state legislatures alone ) which possess this power .
This doctrine is known as the compact theory .
The state governments themselves , no less than the federal judiciary , possess only delegated power and therefore can not decide questions of fundamental importance .
The next day , Christmas Eve , the committee produced a first version of the Report .
Though it had little impact on the immediate election , Madison 's Report clarified the legal argument against the Acts and for states ' rights in general , particularly in its advancement of the Tenth Amendment rather than the Ninth as the main bulwark against federal encroachment on state autonomy .
Madison , a member of the Republican Party , was elected to the Republican-dominated Virginia General Assembly from Orange County in 1799 .
The Resolutions , usually discussed together with Thomas Jefferson 's contemporaneous Kentucky Resolutions , were a response to various perceived outrages perpetrated by the Federalist-dominated national government .
A major item on his agenda was the defense of the General Assembly 's 1798 Virginia Resolutions , of which Madison had been the draftsman .
However , James Monroe , who would become Governor of Virginia before the end of the year , visited Jefferson at Monticello and cautioned him against meeting with Madison , since another meeting between two of the most important Republican leaders would provoke significant public comment .
The committee members were Madison , John Taylor , William Branch Giles , George Keith Taylor , John Wise , John Mercer , and William Daniel .
These replies contended that the Supreme Court of the United States had the ultimate responsibility for deciding whether federal laws were constitutional , and that the Alien and Sedition Acts were constitutional and necessary .
The amended Report passed the House of Delegates on January 7 by a margin of 60 to 40 .
In the 1957 Roth v. United States opinion by William Brennan , Madison 's Report is cited as evidence that `` the fundamental freedoms of speech and press have contributed greatly to the development and well-being of our free society and are indispensable to its continued growth . ''
Madison sought to accomplish this by demonstrating conclusively that the Acts violated the constitution .
Henry Clay said on the floor of the House of Representatives that it was from the Report of 1800 , above other documents , that he had developed his own theories on constitutional interpretation .
Laying into the Acts in his Report , Madison described many breaches of constitutional limits .
The Federalists accused the Republicans of seeking disunion , even contemplating violence .
The Report was received warmly by Virginia Republicans .
In modern scholarship outside the legal arena the Report is mostly studied for its discussion of states ' rights with regard to federalism and republicanism .
Multiple Supreme Court decisions have cited the case as evidence of the Framers ' ideas on free speech .
The Report supported a strict interpretation of the First Amendment .
By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
The measure came before the House of Delegates , the lower house of the General Assembly , on January 2 .
Jefferson underlined the importance of this work in a November 26 letter to Madison in which he identified `` protestations against violations of the true principles of our constitution '' as one of the four primary elements of the Republican Party plan .
The Assembly session began in early December .
Contrary to the Sedition Act , the federal government had no power to protect officials from dissent or libelous attack , beyond the protection it accorded to every citizen ; indeed , such special intervention against the press was `` expressly forbidden by a declaratory amendment to the constitution . ''
Republicans were outraged by the legislation , and Madison and Jefferson drafted the highly critical Resolutions adopted in response by the Virginia and Kentucky state legislatures .
At some point in the next two weeks , it passed the Senate by a margin of 15 to 6 .
In more recent years , the main practical interest in the Report has been its absolutist understanding of the First Amendment .
Other cases to cite the Report for a similar purpose include Thornhill v. Alabama ( 1940 ) and Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC ( 2000 ) .
At the very least , Virginia or Kentucky taking such a stance publicly would have justified the Federalist attacks against the secessionist tendencies of the Republicans .
However , Madison rebuffed charges that his writings supported the constitutional interpretation advanced by pro-nullification Southerners .
Freedom of the press was necessary , because `` chequered as it is with abuses , the world is indebted to the press for all the triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression . ''
The Report was regarded in the early 19th century as among the more important expressions of Republican principles .
Parties outside Virginia seemed uninterested in the rehashing of the 1798 Resolutions , and in other states there was very little public comment .
At the time , leading Virginia Republican figures such as Rep. William Branch Giles ( in public ) and Sen. John Taylor of Caroline ( in private ) actually were contemplating disunion , and the Virginia General Assembly chose this juncture for finally constructing a new state armory in Richmond , so there was some truth to the charge .
Despite Jefferson 's approval of and attempt to distribute Madison 's work , the national reaction was tepid .
The general purpose of the Report was the affirmation and expansion of the principles in the Virginia Resolutions .
It argued for the sovereignty of the individual states under the United States Constitution and against the Alien and Sedition Acts .
Madison , however , rejected the concept of nullification and the notion that his arguments supported such a practice .
The Report was the last important explication of the Constitution produced before the 1817 Bonus Bill Veto Message .
The Virginia Resolutions had in the year since publication received highly critical replies from state legislatures , including those of New York , Delaware , and the five New England states .
The Report was ultimately amended to provide greater clarity on this issue by emphasizing that it was the people themselves , acting through the states in their sovereign capacity , who were parties to the Constitution .
The Virginia General Assembly adopted the Report in January 1800 .
It is considered to be the site of Proto-Elamite cultural formation .
The history of Elam is conventionally divided into three periods , spanning more than two millennia .
Knowledge of Elamite history remains largely fragmentary , reconstruction being based on mainly Mesopotamian sources .
The devastation was less complete than Assurbanipal boasted , and Elamite rule , though rather broken up , continued until 540 BC , when Achaemenid rule begins in Susa .
The period before the first Elamite period is known as the proto-Elamite period : The Proto-Elamite city of Susa was founded around 5000 BCE in the watershed of the river Karun .
The Elamites called their country Haltamti , but the Sumerians and Akkadians called it Elam , and so it was also in the Hebrew Bible .
Elam was centered in the far west and the southwest of modern-day Iran , including a small part of southern Iraq .
Poodles have been used as working dogs in the military for several centuries .
In 1942 , the poodle was one of 32 breeds officially ranked as war dogs by the Army .
A poodle is a breed of dog .
Toy poodles are made to be one of the smartest dogs of all .
So he went on to Red Bull Salzburg in 2011 .
The Federal University of Rio de Janeiro ( Portuguese : Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro , UFRJ ) is one of the largest federal universities of Brazil .
Since then , the Tripuri people have been reduced to a 30 % minority due to Bengali immigration .
Tripuri nationalism is an ideology that supports self-determination by the Tripuri people .
The conflict is in essence ethnic , the Tibeto-Burman `` Scheduled tribes '' indigenous to the region formed the clear majority of population in the Princely state of Twipra Kingdom , which joined the Republic of India in 1949 as the state of Tripura .
In Yugoslavia , the people who left were called optanti , which translates as ` choosers ' , while they call themselves esuli or exiles .
Italy did not want to reveal the bank account number so in 1994 Slovenia opened a fiduciary account at Dresdner Bank in Luxembourg , informed Italy about it and started paying its US$ 55,976,930 share .
The Italian historian Raoul Pupo suggests 4,500 were killed ( including the events of 1943 ) , mostly Italians , but many bodies wearing Partisan uniforms were found as well , so the number is subject to many interpretations .
After World War I , under the Treaty of Rapallo between the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( later Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) and the Kingdom of Italy ( 12 November 1920 ) , Italy obtained all of Istria with Trieste , the exception being the island of Krk and part of Kastav commune , which went to the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes .
The Wehrmacht was engaged in a front-wide retreat from the Yugoslav Partisans , along with the local collaborationist forces ( the Ustaše , the Domobranci , the Chetniks , and units of Mussolini 's puppet Italian Social Republic ) .
The third period took place after the Paris peace treaty , when Istria was assigned to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , except for a small area in the northwest part that formed the independent Free Territory of Trieste .
Italy however drove a hard bargain , demanding extensive territorial concessions once the war had been won '' .
In 1953 , officially , only 36,000 Italians lived in Yugoslavia , 16 % of the Italian population before World War II .
Slovenia and Croatia , two Yugoslav successors , agreed to share the remainder of this debt .
After the Wehrmacht invasion of Yugoslavia ( 6 April 1941 ) , the Italian zone of occupation was further expanded .
Evidence of Italic people living alongside those from other ethnic groups on the eastern side of the Adriatic as far north as the Alps goes back at least to the Bronze Age , and the populations have been mixed ever since .
The fourth period took place after the Memorandum of Understanding in London .
Some thousands were Slovenes and Croats who opposed the Communist government in Yugoslavia , while most were ethnic Italians , the so-called optanti emigrants who were living permanently in this region on 10 June 1940 and who expressed their wish to obtain Italian citizenship and emigrate to Italy .
Up to its breakup in 1991 , Yugoslavia had paid US$ 18 million .
From the Middle Ages onwards numbers of Slavic people near and on the Adriatic coast were ever increasing , due to their expanding population and due to pressure from the Turks pushing them from the south and east .
Several estimates of the exodus by historians : The mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission verified 27,000 Italian and 3,000 Slovene migrants , but only from Slovenian territory .
Their motives for leaving may have been fear of reprisals and murders , economic motives , or ethnically based .
A 2001 population census counted 23 languages spoken by the people of Istria .
Slovenia assumed 62 % and Croatia the remaining 38 % .
The last payment was due in January 2002 .
The second period was soon after the end of the war and approximately around the time of the second wave of anti-fascist violence .
Italy annexed large areas of coastal Yugoslavia ( including most of coastal Dalmatia ) and Slovenia ( including its capital Ljubljana ) .
The mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission , established in 1995 by the two governments to investigate the matters , succinctly described the circumstances of the 1945 killings : The number of victims is not certain .
Britain , France and Russia had been `` keen to bring neutral Italy into World War One on their side .
When the Fascist regime collapsed in 1943 reprisals against Italian fascists and civilians ( even Italian communists ) took place .
Slovenian historian Darko Darovec writes : For the mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission :
36,000 in today 's Slovenia ) .
Until today , the solution of the matter between Croatia and Italy has been delayed .
Istria including Fiume ( Rijeka ) and parts of Dalmatia including Zara ( zadar ) , had been annexed to Italy after World War I. At the end of World War II the former Italian territories in Istria and Dalmatia became part of Yugoslavia by the Paris Peace Treaty ( 1947 ) , with the only exception being the communes of Muggia and San Dorligo della Valle .
From the end of World War II until 1953 , according to various data , between 250,000 and 350,000 people emigrated from these regions .
At least 200 Italians were killed by Tito 's resistance movement in September 1943 ; some had been connected to the fascist regime , while others were victims of personal hatred or the attempt of the partisan resistance to get rid of its real or supposed enemies .
By the Treaty of Rome ( 27 January 1924 ) the Free state of Fiume was split between Italy and Yugoslavia .
After the Second World War , there were large-scale movements of people choosing to move to Italy rather than live in Yugoslavia .
In 1915 , the Italians attacked the Austro-Hungarian Empire leading to bloody conflict mainly on the Isonzo and Piave fronts .
Famous postwar exiles from territories include : On February 18 , 1983 Yugoslavia and Italy signed a treaty in Rome where Yugoslavia agreed to pay US$ 110 million for the compensation of the exiles ' property which was confiscated after the war in the Zone B of Free Territory of Trieste .
The emigration of Italians greatly reduced the total population of the region and totally altered its ethnic structure .
Other sources suggest numbers reaching up to 30,000 killed or missing .
The exodus took place between 1943 and 1960 ; Italians allege that most of their numbers left in The first period took place after the surrender of the Italian army and the beginning of the first wave of anti-fascist violence .
It gave provisional civil administration of Zone A ( with Trieste ) , to Italy , and Zone B to Yugoslavia : in 1975 the Treaty of Osimo finally divided the former Free Territory of Trieste .
194,000 in today 's Croatia and ca .
Those territories were ethnically mixed since the Middle Ages with a majority of Italians , but even with Slovenian , Croatian , Serbian and other communities .
This led to Italic people becoming ever more confined to urban areas in Dalmatia , while the countryside was populated by Slavs , with certain isolated exceptions .
The second wave of anti-Italian violence took place after occupation of Slav army in May 1945 .
Italian sources claim that about 350,000 ethnic Italians had to leave the areas in the aftermath of the conflict .
Austrian 1910 census indicated approximately 182,500 people who listed Italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of Slovenia and Croatia : 137,131 in Istria , 28,911 in Fiume\/Rijeka ( 1918 ) , 11,487 in Zara\/Zadar , 5,000 in Dalmatia , while the Italian 1936 census indicated approximately 230,000 people who listed Italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of Slovenia and Croatia , then part of the Italian state ( ca .
Many Italian sources claim that these killings amounted to ethnic cleansing and genocide : Italian people was forced to mass migration by Tito supporters .
In a deal to draw Italy into the war , under the London Pact , Italy was granted Trentino , Trieste , ( the German-speaking ) South Tyrol , and Istria including large non-Italian communities .
This was known as the foibe massacres ; actually it was a reenaction of what had been already began in 1943 but in larger scale .
The eastern part of Goonhilly Downs is also in the parish .
Inland the parish includes the hamlets of Zoar , Laddenvean , Traboe , Trelan and Gwenter .
Settlements on the coast include Porthallow , Porthoustock and Coverack .
The Cornish Rebellion of 1497 started in St Keverne .
St Keverne was in the Middle Ages the site of an important monastery .
The parish is a large one and includes some 10 miles of coast from Nare Point at the mouth of the Helford River to Kennack Sands , and the Manacles offshore .
The church is very large for a village church and in its present form is 15th century .
The leader of the rebellion Michael An Gof was a blacksmith from St Keverne and is commemorated by a statue in the village .
The church is dedicated to St Akeveranus .
The third match was between Christian and Chris Jericho .
The event began with the Boys Choir of Harlem singing America the Beautiful .
Evolution won the match when Orton pinned Foley after successfully executing an RKO .
The main match for the Raw brand was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between Champion Triple H , Shawn Michaels and Chris Benoit .
`` Mean '' Gene Okerlund then introduced the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2004 .
Victoria would counter a Widow 's peak maneuver attempt by Holly into a Backslide pin , drawing a three count , thus winning the match and retaining the WWE Women 's Championship .
The main event was a Triple threat match over the World Heavyweight Championship between Triple H , Chris Benoit , and Shawn Michaels .
As a result , Benoit won the match and the World Heavyweight Championship .
The eight match was the encounter of Victoria and Molly Holly for the WWE Women 's Championship , where Holly would have to be shaved bald if she lost .
The tenth match of the event was the encounter of The Undertaker and Kane , which would be Undertaker 's first match since he was buried alive at Survivor Series 2003 .
With Angle confused , Guerrero did a Roll-up pin maneuver leading to a successful pinfall , thus winning the match and retaining the WWE Championship .
Goldberg then took Lesnar down with a Spear , that would only draw a two count after a pin attempt .
Next up was a Handicap match with Evolution ( Randy Orton , Batista and Ric Flair ) and The Rock 'n' Sock Connection ( The Rock and Mick Foley ) .
As Angle was outside , Guerrero loosened his ring boot to relieve the pain .
However , Guerrero escaped the hold by rolling through it and throwing Angle out of the ring .
It took place on March 14 , 2004 at Madison Square Garden in New York .
The main feud at the start of the pay-per-view was on the Raw brand , with Triple H , Shawn Michaels and Chris Benoit feuding over the World Heavyweight Championship .
's Benoit won the contest , eliminating The Big Show last .
On the March 25 edition of SmackDown !
Triple H and Michaels teamed up to suplex Benoit through the announcer 's table .
The seventh match had Brock Lesnar and Goldberg with special guest referee , Steve Austin .
The main match for the SmackDown !
As Michaels was about to submit , Triple H would save the match .
Lesnar then did the F-5 maneuver on Goldberg , but also resulted in a two-count pin attempt .
Billy Kidman then entered the match , pinning and eliminating Noble .
Cena then quickly pinned The Big Show to win the match and the United States Championship .
Afterwards , Lesnar missed an attempt to knock Goldberg down , allowing Goldberg to execute another spear and a successful Jackhammer maneuver that led to a three count for Goldberg , thus winning the match .
Also at the pay-per-view , in the real Royal Rumble match , SmackDown !
Michaels then attempted to hit Benoit with a  Sweet Chin Music maneuver , but Benoit countered it , throwing Michaels out of the ring .
Holly tried running towards the backstage area to escape the match 's stipulation , but was eventually stopped by Victoria who would knock her out and place her onto the barber 's chair , shaving her bald .
This was followed by a Playboy Evening Gown Match with Torrie Wilson and Sable against Stacy Keibler and Miss Jackie .
The next match was a Fatal Four-Way tag match between Rob Van Dam and Booker T , Garrison Cade and Mark Jindrak , The Dudley Boyz ( Bubba Ray and D-Von ) and La Résistance ( René Duprée and Rob Conway ) for the World Tag Team Championship .
Guerrero used a DDT and Frog Splash maneuver on Angle that would result in a two-count pin attempt .
The next match had Eddie Guerrero and Kurt Angle fighting over the WWE Championship .
This was the seventh title defense of the night , the most in WrestleMania history .
WrestleMania XX was the twentieth WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
The first match that aired was a singles match between The Big Show and John Cena for the WWE United States Championship .
After the match , Steve Austin did a Stone Cold Stunner on both fighters to the crowd 's delight and celebrated with beer in the ring .
It was a joint-promotion pay-per-view event , with performers from the Raw and SmackDown !
The card for the event has two main events .
With the referee holding the chain with his back turned , Cena hit Big Show with hidden brass knuckles .
brand has Eddie Guerrero versus Kurt Angle for the WWE Championship .
The celebrated return made more than $ 2.4 million in ticket sales , making the Pay-Per-View the highest grossing WWE event ever to be at Madison Square Garden .
Benoit won the match , doing the Crippler Crossface , making Triple H let him win after that .
He said that , even though Michaels should have a rematch , he had to `` enforce the law . ''
The event was the third WrestleMania at Madison Square Garden , but the fourth to take place in the New York metropolitan area ( after WrestleMania I , WrestleMania 2 , and WrestleMania X ) .
The Undertaker then retaliated by Chokeslamming Kane and executing a Tombstone piledriver into a successful pinfall , thus winning the match and remaining undefeated at WrestleMania with a 12-0 record .
Kidman was then pinned and eliminated by Rey Mysterio .
The event also had the returning Undertaker beat Kane after a Tombstone Piledriver .
Christian won the match after Trish Stratus hit Jericho on the face with her elbow .
Cena then grabbed his signature chain and attacked Big Show with it .
The Crusierweight Champion , Chavo Guerrero was the final entrant and pinned Mysterio to win with the assistance of his father Chavo Guerrero , Sr. , thus keeping the WWE Cruiserweight Championship .
Akio was the next scheduled fighter , but was not able to compete because he was inadvertently attacked by Tajiri when Mysterio ducked .
At the Royal Rumble event two months before , Triple H and Michaels had fought each other with the World Heavyweight Championship , they were both trying to win the Last Man Standing match .
Benoit gained control over Michaels when he did the Crossface hold .
The next match was a Cruiserweight Open for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship .
As one wrestler lost , another one e went in the ring .
A sold-out Madison Square Garden had more than 20,000 people from 16 countries , and 48 states .
This angle would also play on the April 15 edition of SmackDown !
As Angle returned to the ring , he applied another Ankle lock on Guerrero that would end up being unsuccessful with Guerrero escaping the hold by pushing Angle off with his other foot leaving Angle holding the Guerrero 's loosened ring boot .
At Backlash , the original main event match was between Chris Benoit and Shawn Michaels for the World Heavyweight Championship .
The next night , on the January 26 edition of Raw , Michaels and Triple H had a in-ring promo when Raw 's Sheriff , Stone Cold Steve Austin then came into the ring .
However , Benoit also countered it and held Triple H with Crossface hold that would force Triple H to submit .
The Polish Aviation Museum ( Polish : Muzeum Lotnictwa Polskiego w Krakowie ) is a big museum of old airplanes and airplane engines .
It is in place of the no-longer used Kraków-Rakowice-Czyżyny Airport .
Salinger died at his home in Cornish , New Hampshire of natural causes on January 27 , 2010 .
He began writing short stories while in secondary school .
He published several stories in the early 1940s before serving in World War II .
In 1948 he published the story `` A Perfect Day for Bananafish '' in The New Yorker magazine , which also published most of his following work .
Salinger was born and raised in Manhattan , New York City .
In 1110 , Fulk married Ermengarde of Maine ( † 1126 ) , the daughter of Elias I of Maine .
Together they had : His second wife was Melisende , Queen of Jerusalem , the daughter of King Baldwin II of Jerusalem and Morphia of Melitene .
king Baldwin II had no sons but he had four daughters .
In Egyptian mythology , Ra was the god of the sun .
Ra has many forms , he may be depicted in his most well known form as the Hawk-headed man with which the sun disk may be seen above him .
It is in the Sorbian settlement area .
Also , two OVAs have been produced and two animated films , Bleach : Memories of Nobody , which was released in Japan on December 16 , 2006 , and Bleach : The Diamond Dust Rebellion , which was released on December 22 , 2007 .
, romanized as BLEACH in Japan ) is a manga series authored by mangaka Tite Kubo that is still being published .
Bleach follows the lives of Ichigo Kurosaki , who is a high school student who can see ghosts .
The main garment of an ice hockey uniform , which was traditionally called a sweater , is increasingly known as a hockey jersey .
Jersey , in the Channel Islands , was famous for its knitting trade in medieval times , and because of that original fame , the name jersey is still applied to many forms of knitted fabric , round or flat .
Many Cycling jerseys of specific color or pattern represent certain statuses in cycling , such as the maillot jaune ( yellow jersey ) of the leader of the Tour de France , or the rainbow jersey .
It is usually close-fitting and machine knitted in contrast to a guernsey that is more often hand knit with a thicker yarn .
The traditional jersey , and traditional guernsey , are dyed a navy blue color , using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil , rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant .
The wool used in guernseys is often passed through oil in order to render it doubly water-resistant .
When a jersey is retired that player 's jersey is placed usually where the team plays in honor of that player 's accomplishment .
In some sports , such as baseball , basketball , and American football , a player 's jersey may be `` retired '' .
This garment , along with basketball jerseys which are usually sleeveless and baseball jerseys which are usually button up , have become fashion accessories .
Its name comes from the island of Jersey , where they were made , traditionally in wool or cotton , with sleeves , worn as a sweater or pullover , as it does not open at the front , unlike a cardigan .
In sport a jersey is a shirt worn by a member of a team , often with the wearer 's name and team number as well .
The word is usually used interchangeably with sweater and is the name always officially used in the United Kingdom to refer to the item when worn as part of the uniform of military , police or other uniformed personnel .
Cycling jerseys are usually made of special synthetic material to help sweat away from the skin .
The retiring of a jersey at one time included the retiring of the number on the player 's jersey leaving it unavailable for future players , to further honor that player .
Werner Karl Heisenberg ( 5 December 1901 - 1 February 1976 ) was a German physicist .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physics for his work in quantum mechanics .
After the war , he was held as a prisoner at Farm Hall in England from May 1945 to January , 1946 , where the British and Americans had many other German scientists .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize when he was 31 years old .
Examples are the Karori Wildlife Sanctuary in Wellington City , from which about a ton of dead possums was removed after the installation of a mammal-proof fence , and the Maungatautari Restoration Project .
For example , an estimated 30 tons of dead possums were removed from Kapiti Island .
There are also about 60 species of lizard ( 30 of gecko and 30 of skink ) , and four species of frog ( all rare and endangered ) .
Because of the lack of predators , even the bats spend most of their time on the ground .
Europens later brought pigs , ferrets , stoats , mice , rats , dogs , cats , sheep , cattle , and many other mammals .
In recent years , successful efforts have been made to remove possums , rats , ferrets , and other mammals from many offshore islands , large and small .
Because of this , the country has an unusually large number of flightless birds , including the Kiwi , the Moa , and the Kakapo .
They brought with them the Polynesian Rat ( Kiore ) and the domesticated dog .
Possums were later introduced from Australia for a fur industry , and deer from Europe as animals to be hunted .
Of these , the rats , ferrets , cats , stoats and dogs have all had serious effect on the original New Zealand animals .
In some parts of the mainland , mammals are being completely eliminated inside fenced areas to create `` ecological islands '' .
People are also trying to control these species on the mainland .
The Aidi or Chien de l'Atlas is a Moroccan dog breed used to protect flocks of sheep and goats .
In its native Morocco it is often paired in hunting with the Sloughi , which chases down prey that the Aidi has located by sniffing it out .
It was named in August 2003 after Orthosie , the Greek goddess of prosperity and one of the Horae .
The Horae ( Hours ) were daughters of Zeus and Themis .
It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott Sheppard in 2001 , and given the designation S\/2001 J 9 .
Orthosie is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,568,000 km in 602.619 days , at an inclination of 142 ° to the ecliptic ( 143 ° to Jupiter 's equator ) , with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2433 .
Orthosie belongs to the Ananke group , retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km , at inclinations of about 150 ° .
Ooooooohhh ... On the TLC Tip is the debut album by American band TLC .
The album reached number 14 on the US Billboard 200 chart , number two on the Top Heatseekers , and number three on the Top R&B \/ Hip-Hop Albums .
According to Nielsen SoundScan , the album has sold 2,500,000 copies in the United States .
It was released on February 25 , 1992 by LaFace Records .
Roberta Peters ( born 4 May 1930 ) is an American soprano .
She was briefly married to baritone Robert Merrill .
Extreme shortness , but with body parts of normal proportions , may be caused by growth hormone deficiency , once known as pituitary dwarfism .
There are more than 200 other conditions which may cause dwarfism .
Tantalus was a mortal king in Greek mythology .
The Bank of Japan ( 日本銀行 , Nippon Ginkō ?
The Bank of Japan issued its banknotes in 1885 ( Meiji 18 ) .
The main offices of the bank are in Chuo , Tokyo .
In 1897 , Japan joined the gold standard .
BOJ was given a monopoly on controlling Japan 's money supply in 1884 .
In the same year , the paper won the Spring 2008 Columbia Gold Crown , awarded to only eight college newspapers nationwide , an award it has won many times before .
In 2004 , the DP won the Pacemaker , awarded by the Associated Collegiate Press and the Newspaper Association of America Foundation , for a record-setting fourth consecutive year .
The Daily Pennsylvanian has won many of the most prestigious awards in college journalism .
It also received first place in the Associated Collegiate Press 's Kansas City Convention Best of Show Competition in 2008 .
Several of its writers win Gold Circles from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association every year .
In 2008 , the newspaper was awarded the Society of Professional Journalist 's National Mark of Excellence Award .
The Daily Pennsylvanian ( The DP ) is the independent daily student newspaper of the University of Pennsylvania .
It was also ranked as the `` most read '' college newspaper by The Princeton Review in 1990 , 1997 , 1998 , and 2001 .
It also won the award in 1990 , 1997 , and 1998 , and most recently in 2007 .
Today the newspaper 's budget is funded primarily through the sale of advertising by a student business staff .
Founded in 1885 , the newspaper has been published daily since 1894 , except for a hiatus from May 1943 to November 1945 on account of World War II .
In 2006 , College Publisher awarded the DP first place in the category of Best Online Sports Coverage and , in 2008 , it was awarded an online Gold Crown for dailypennsylvanian.com .
It incorporated in 1984 to solidify its financial and editorial independence from the university .
The disease can cause blindness , pneumonia , urinary tract infections and reproductive tract infections .
It crawls into its mothers pouch on its own .
The koala is also often called the koala bear because it looks like a small bear or teddy bear .
It was the Yankees ' first loss in a World Series since 1942 .
It would be the only Series the Dodgers won in Brooklyn .
They would lose again in 1957 , 1960 , 1963 , and 1964 .
The Dodgers won the Series in seven games .
This series would also end a long period of success for the Yankees in the World Series .
The Yankees had won in 1947 , 1949 , 1952 and 1953 .
He wrote program notes for concerts , writing about the music that was being played .
Keidran Jones ( born 15 April 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Iyaz , is a singer and rapper .
He made a song with Miley Cyrus called `` Gonna Get This '' for Hannah Montana .
Polo 's mother died when he was young , and he was raised by his aunt and uncle .
Rusticello wrote down his words which became a book called The travels of Marco Polo , and became famous throughout Europe .
The Earl Marshal , a hereditary office held by the Duke of Norfolk , oversees the College , but he is not a member .
In 1616 , Ralphe Brooke , York Herald , tricked the Garter King of Arms into granting a coat of arms to the common hangman for a fee of 22 shillings ( # 1-20p ) .
By 1530 , the heralds wanted successful candidates for a grant of arms to have # 300 or rent from land of # 10 a year .
There are , three levels of officers of arms : Kings of Arms , Heralds , and Pursuivants .
`` Heralds Extraordinary '' are appointed to take part in special ceremonial occasions or to help the Earl Marshal personally ; they are not members of the college .
The book includes 36 short essays predicting the consequences of global warming .
The Weather Makers : The History and Future Impact of Climate Change ( 2005 ) is a book by Tim Flannery .
The book asserts that if atmospheric carbon dioxide levels continue to increase at current rates , the resulting climate change will cause mass species extinctions .
The book received much critical acclaim , and has won a major literary prize .
The book reviews the evidence about historical climate change and attempts to put our era into context .
This area is great for bird watching , beach combing , hiking trails , birds , whale watching , gift shops , accommodations , restaurants , and unique flora and fauna .
Loyalists founded Freeport in 1784 establishing fishing and trading industries .
Place names such as Petit Passage , Grand Passage and the Saint Mary 's Bay can be attributed to the French explorer , Champlain , who first visited the area in 1604 .
Prior to this it had been inhabited by the Mi ` kmaq Indians .
Freeport , Nova Scotia is a village in Digby Country , Nova Scotia and it is located on Long Island in the Bay of Fundy .
Located at the end of Digby Neck on Long Island , Freeport is a working fishing village built up around a tidal basin .
Hemingway has a perfume , `` Mariel '' , by H2O + .
She has begun hosting a series of yoga practice videos Yoga Now , with guru Rodney Yee .
She has said she formed a `` big connection with the gay-and-lesbian community '' after Personal Best and enjoys taking roles in `` cutting-edge '' productions .
In connection with Personal Best , she appeared in a pictorial in the April 1982 issue of Playboy and was also on the cover .
Her breast implants were removed years later after they had ruptured .
She starred as Dorothy Stratten in Star 80 ( 1983 ) , a movie about the Playboy model 's life and murder .
She is the host of Spiritual Cinema , a monthly television show dedicated to spiritual movies .
Hemingway 's first role was with her sister Margaux in the movie Lipstick ( 1976 ) .
Hemingway , however , is not gay .
Hemingway has played a lesbian or bisexual woman in several movies and television shows , including , Personal Best , The Sex Monster , In Her Line of Fire , and episodes of the TV series `` Roseanne '' and Crossing Jordan .
Hemingway 's most famous role was in Woody Allen 's Manhattan .
Mariel Hemingway ( b. November 22 , 1961 ) is an American actress and writer .
The movie was noted for some explicit ( by mainstream standards ) lesbian love scenes .
She was nominated as `` Best Newcomer '' for the Golden Globes Award that year .
During a 2007 appearance on the late-night talk and variety show , Fashionably Late with Stacy London , she said she had the surgery before Star 80 .
She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
As of early 2011 , Hemingway is romantically involved with Bobby Williams .
In December 2008 , Hemingway said through her web site 's blog that she had separated from her husband earlier in the year .
He sought to consolidate royal power and crush domestic factions .
The Cardinal de Richelieu was often known by the title of the King 's `` Chief Minister '' .
Richelieu is also known by the sobriquet l'Éminence rouge ( `` the Red Eminence '' ) , from the red shade of a cardinal 's vestments and the style `` eminence '' as a cardinal .
Richelieu was also famous for his patronage of the arts ; most notably , he founded the Académie française , the learned society responsible for matters of the French language .
As an advocate for Samuel de Champlain and of the keeping of Quebec , he founded the Compagnie des Cent-Associés and saw the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye return Quebec to French rule under de Champlain , after the settlement had been captured by the Kirkes in 1629 .
By restraining the power of the nobility , he transformed France into a strongly centralized state .
This in part allowed the colony to eventually develop into the heartland of French-speaking culture in North America .
He became King Louis XIII 's chief minister in 1624 .
His full name was Armand Jean du Plessis , cardinal-duc de Richelieu et de Fronsac .
He remained in office until his death in 1642 ; then Jules Cardinal Mazarin became chief minister .
His chief foreign policy objective was to check the power of the Austro-Spanish Habsburg dynasty ; although a Roman Catholic cardinal , he did not hesitate to make alliances with Protestant rulers .
As a result , he is sometimes said to be the world 's first Prime Minister .
He later entered politics and became a Secretary of State in 1616 .
Willesden is an area found in North-west London .
The April 2011 derecho and tornado outbreak was a large scale event where tornadoes and derechoes , or widespread straight-line winds , damaged parts of 3 states resulting in 9 fatalities .
Tornadoes were als possible .
The yellow-lipped sea krait ( Laticauda Colubrina ) is a species of sea snake found in tropical Indo-Pacific ocean waters .
The upper lip and snout is yellow ( hence its name ) while the rest of the head is black .
The companies included mobile phone manufacturers , application developers , mobile network operators and processor makers .
The Open Handset Alliance , also called OHA by many people , is a business alliance .
They had a son , José Raúl Jr. , in 1923 and a daughter , Gloria , in 1925 .
Immediately after winning the match , Alekhine announced that he was willing to give Capablanca a return match , on the same terms that Capablanca had required as champion - the challenger must provide a stake of US $ 10,000 , of which more than half would go to the defending champion even if he was defeated .
At the beginning of the tournament , Ossip Bernstein and Aron Nimzowitsch objected to Capablanca 's presence because he had not fulfilled the entry condition of winning at least third prize in two master tournaments .
At the age of eight he was taken to Havana Chess Club , which had hosted many important contests , but on the advice of a doctor he was not allowed to play frequently .
In December 1921 , shortly after becoming World Champion , Capablanca married Gloria Simoni Betancourt .
Capablanca entered the match with no technical or physical preparation , while Alekhine got himself into good physical condition , and had thoroughly studied Capablanca 's play .
Vladimir Kramnik thought that Lasker played quite well and the match was an `` even and fascinating fight '' until Lasker blundered in the last game .
In the same year he joined the Manhattan Chess Club , and was soon recognized as the club 's strongest player .
Between November and December 1901 , he narrowly beat the Cuban Chess Champion , Juan Corzo , in a match .
A group of Argentinian businessmen , backed by a guarantee from the president of Argentina , promised the funds for a World Championship match between Capablanca and Alekhine in 1927 .
The match was played in March-April 1921 ; Lasker resigned it after just fourteen games , having lost four games and won none .
His loss , against Rubinstein , was one of the most brilliant achievements of the latter 's career .
Vladimir Kramnik commented that this was the first contest in which Capablanca had no easy wins .
In 1908 he left the university to concentrate on chess .
He was particularly dominant in rapid chess , winning a tournament ahead of the reigning World Chess Champion , Emanuel Lasker , in 1906 .
According to Capablanca , he learned the rules of the game at the age of four by watching his father play , pointed out an illegal move by his father , and then beat his father twice .
Their relationship became bitter , and Alekhine demanded much higher appearance fees for tournaments in which Capablanca also played .
Capablanca was now recognized as a serious contender for the world championship .
According to Kasparov , Alekhine 's research uncovered many small inaccuracies , which occurred because Capablanca was unwilling to concentrate intensely .
Capablanca 's high blood pressure was not correctly diagnosed and treated until after the AVRO tournament , and caused him to lose his train of thought towards the end of playing sessions .
Capablanca placed first in the preliminary tournament , 1 1\/2 points ahead of Lasker , who was out of practice and made a shaky start .
Lasker accepted his challenge while proposing seventeen conditions for the match .
Despite a determined effort by Lasker , Capablanca still seemed on course for ultimate victory .
Capablanca objected to some of the conditions , which significantly favored Lasker , and the match did not take place .
In January 1920 , Emanuel Lasker and Capablanca signed an agreement to play a World Championship match in 1921 .
After the breakdown of his attempt to negotiate a title match in 1911 , Capablanca drafted rules for the conduct of future challenges , which were agreed by the other top players at the 1914 Saint Petersburg tournament , including Lasker , and approved at the Mannheim Congress later that year .
However , in April 1902 he only came fourth out of six in the National Championship , losing both his games against Corzo .
Luděk Pachman suggested that Capablanca , who was unused to losing games or to any other type of setback , became depressed over his unnecessary loss of the eleventh game , a long , gruelling endgame , featuring errors by both players .
However , in their second game of the final , Lasker reduced Capablanca to a helpless position and Capablanca was so shaken by this that he blundered away his next game to Tarrasch .
The St. Petersburg event was arranged in an unusual way : after a preliminary single-round all-play-all tournament of eleven players , the top five were to play a second stage in a double round format , with scores from the preliminary tournament carried forward to the second contest .
The following year , Capablanca won an even stronger tournament in Moscow , one point ahead of Botvinnik and 3 1\/2 ahead of Salo Flohr , who took third place ; A month later , he shared first place with Botvinnik at Nottingham , with a mark of ( +5 -1 = 8 ) , losing only to Flohr ; Alekhine came sixth .
José Raúl Capablanca y Graupera ( Havana , Cuba , 19 November 1888 - New York , 8 March 1942 ) was a Cuban chess player who was World Chess Champion from 1921 to 1927 .
Alekhine 's victory surprised almost the entire chess world .
Since Capablanca had won the New York 1927 tournament overwhelmingly , and had never lost a game to Alekhine , he was regarded by most pundits as the clear favorite in their 1927 World Chess Championship match .
The main points were : the champion must be prepared to defend his title once a year ; the match should be won by the first player to win six or eight games , whichever the champion preferred ; and the stake should be at least # 1,000 ( worth about # 347,000 or $ 700,000 in 2006 terms ) .
and could only finish seventh of the eight players at the 1938 AVRO tournament , an élite contest designed to select a challenger for Alekhine 's world title .
p33 In 1911 , Capablanca challenged Emanuel Lasker for the World Chess Championship .
Negotiations for a return match dragged on for several years , often breaking down when agreement seemed in sight .
After Capablanca 's death , Alekhine expressed surprise at his own victory , since in 1927 he had not thought he was superior to Capablanca , and he suggested that Capablanca had been over-confident .
Kramnik 's explanation was that Capablanca was twenty years younger , a slightly stronger player , and had more recent competitive practice .
However , Alekhine won the match , played at Buenos Aires , by 6 wins , 3 losses , and 25 draws - the longest World Championship match until the World Chess Championship 1984-85 between Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov .
He made another bad start at the Moscow 1925 chess tournament , and could only fight back to third place , two points behind Bogolyubov and 1\/2 point behind Emanuel Lasker .
According to Capablanca 's second wife , Olga , his first marriage broke down fairly soon .
`` He had no specific duties , but was expected to act as a kind of ambassador-at-large , a well-known figure who would put Cuba on the map wherever he traveled '' .
Capablanca 's defeat at the hands of Richard Reti in the fifth round was his first in serious competition in eight years .
p67 In September 1913 , Capablanca secured a job in the Cuban Foreign Office , which made him financially secure throughout his life .
He astounded the chess world by taking first place , with a score of six wins , one loss and seven draws , ahead of Akiba Rubinstein , Milan Vidmar , Frank Marshall , Carl Schlechter and Siegbert Tarrasch .
He wished to play for Columbia 's strong baseball team , and soon was selected as shortstop on the freshman team .
These 1936 tournaments , the last of Lasker 's life , were the only ones in which Capablanca finished ahead of Lasker .
Lasker thus finished half a point ahead of Capablanca and 3 1\/2 ahead of Alekhine .
José Raúl Capablanca was the second surviving son of an army officer .
During these triumphs Capablanca began to experience debilitating symptoms of hypertension .
In the event , he finished undefeated , winning the mini-matches with each of his rivals , 2 1\/2 points ahead of second-place Alekhine , and won the `` best game '' prize for a win over Spielmann .
Capablanca finished fourth , one point behind the joint winners at Moscow in 1935 ; Emanuel Lasker 's third place at the age of 66 was widely admired .
p58 The St. Petersburg 1914 chess tournament was the first in which Capablanca played World Champion Emanuel Lasker under normal tournament conditions .
Capablanca came second at the New York 1924 tournament , 1 1\/2 points behind Emanuel Lasker , though two ahead of third-placed Alekhine , with the score of 14\/20 ( +10 -1 = 9 ) .
The San Sebastian tournament of 1911 was `` one of the strongest five tournaments held up to that time '' , as all the world 's leading players competed except the World Champion , Lasker , who was inactive in serious play at the time .
In 1492 , Spain drove out the last Moorish king of Granada .
For instance , traditionally , territiories such as the Low Countries or Spanish Netherlands were included as they were part of the possessions of the King of Spain , governed by Spanish officials and defended by Spanish troops .
But the British historian Henry Kamen writes that these territories were never part of a `` Spanish '' state and instead formed part of the wider Habsburg estate .
After their victory , the Spanish monarchs allowed Christopher Columbus to try to reach India by sailing west .
The marriage of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile created a personal union of Aragon and Castile .
Thomas Boller and others think that vacuoles help attack bacteria and Robert B Mellor think that some kinds of vacuoles act as a house for symbiotic bacteria .
A Vacuole is a membrane-bound organelle .
Their geographical range is from the coast of Labrador , south to the coast of the U.S. state of Rhode Island .
The first people to live in the Chattanooga area were Native American Indians with sites dating back to the Upper Paleolithic period .
Chattanooga is in the southeast of Tennessee .
The first bookmaker was Harry Ogden opened in 1790s .
A bookmaker , bookie or Turf Accountant is person or company that collect bets for sporting events .
Some radiators are used to heat things , such as a house .
A heating radiator works just like a cooling radiator .
Some radiators are used to cool things , such as a car engine .
The radiator has many small tubes for the liquid to flow through .
The liquid then return to the engine .
Firestar 's Quest , a `` Super Edition '' , was released on August 21 , 2007 .
There is a three book manga series based on what happened to Graystripe between the time that he was taken by `` twolegs '' in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight .
Hollyleaf 's Story Hollyleaf 's life in the tunnels .
Mistystar 's Omen Mistystar discovers a shocking secret about RiverClan after she becomes leader .
Crookedstar 's Promise Crookedstar 's past .
The tribe is being hunted by a large mountain cat , named Sharptooth .
Bluestar 's Prophecy Bluestar 's past .
The series is made up of four mini-series with six books in each series .
In Sunset , Hawkfrost wants to kill Firestar so Brambleclaw can become leader .
As of the census of 2010 , there were 18,367 people , 8,296 households , and 4,626 families residing in the city .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 14.67 square miles ( 38.00 km2 ) , of which , 13.82 square miles ( 35.79 km2 ) is land and 0.85 square miles ( 2.20 km2 ) is water .
The American Indians called the area `` Ahdawagam '' , meaning `` Two-sided Rapids '' .
38.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 16.8 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
The median age in the city was 41.1 years .
22.8 % of residents were under the age of 18 ; 8.5 % were between the ages of 18 and 24 ; 23.3 % were from 25 to 44 ; 25.5 % were from 45 to 64 ; and 19.8 % were 65 years of age or older .
Although this is a list of radio stations based in the Wisconsin Rapids area , the signals of radio stations from much of Central Wisconsin are commonly received in the city .
There were 8,972 housing units at an average density of 649.2 per square mile ( 250.7 \/ km2 ) .
Although Europeans began to settle this area in the 1830s , Wisconsin Rapids has been known by this name only since 1920 .
There were 8,296 households out of which 27.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 39.1 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , 4.8 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 44.2 % were non-families .
The population density was 1,329.0 inhabitants per square mile ( 513.1 \/ km2 ) .
AM Radio stations FM Radio stations
The racial makeup of the city was 92.2 % `` White '' , 0.7 % `` African American '' , 1.0 % `` Native American '' , 3.7 % `` Asian '' , 0.9 % from other races , and 1.5 % from two or more races .
The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.87 .
The name was changed in 1920 to avoid mail and other goods from being sent to the much better known Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Wisconsin Rapids is at 44 ° 23 ′ 12 ″ N 89 ° 49 ′ 23 ″ W \/ 44.38667 ° N 89.82306 ° W \/ 44.38667 ; -89.82306 ( 44.386805 , -89.823078 ) .
`` Latin-American '' were 2.9 % of the people .
There were 47.8 % males and 52.2 % females .
Prior to that , it was split by the Wisconsin River , with the west side as Centralia and the east side as Grand Rapids .
Wisconsin Rapids is a city in Wood County , Wisconsin , United States .
18,367 people lived there at the 2010 census .
Arnold Brown , Andre Champagne , Gerry Cheevers , Jack Cole , Paul Conlin , Terry Clancy , Bruce Draper , Dave Draper , Dave Dryden , Roger Galipeau , Paul Jackson , Larry Keenan , Duncan MacDonald , Bill MacMillan , Barry MacKenzie , Peter Noakes , Terry O'Malley , Sonny Osborne , Brian Walsh .
The 1961 Memorial Cup final was the 43rd junior ice hockey championship of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association .
Coach : Father David Bauer .
St. Michael 's won their 4th Memorial Cup , defeating Edmonton 4 games to 2 .
The teams involved were the Toronto St. Michael 's Majors of the Ontario Hockey Association who played against the Edmonton Oil Kings of the Central Alberta Hockey League .
The Ordnance Survey National Grid is a system used to map Great Britain .
The Ordnance Survey ( OS ) created the system .
Richard I of England ( September 8 , 1157 - April 6 , 1199 ) was the king of England from 1189 to 1199 .
Richard was the son of Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine .
The Jeep Wrangler is a compact Sport utility vehicle made by the Jeep division of Chrysler .
The vapor can be collected in a jar or inflatable bag , or inhaled directly .
The first flame ionization detector was developed in 1957 in Australia .
Flame ionization detectors are used most often for organic compounds .
Flame Ionization Detectors ( shortened FID ) is a common type detector used in gas chromatography .
Also near the city , in the Valle Bona area , are excavations of Etruscan tombs .
The Medici Villa di Spedaletto is located outside the city in direction of Lajatico .
When the Florentian Republic fell in 1530 , Volterra came under the control of the Medici family .
It became a `` municipium '' ( a type of Roman city ) in the Roman Age .
The city was a Neolithic settlement and an important Etruscan center .
The Macedonian phalanx is an infantry formation developed by Philip II .
In 1255 , Pope Alexander IV made him Patriarch of Jerusalem .
Some of these were Pope Urban V and Pope Urban VI .
Pope Urban IV ( Latin : Urbanus Quartus ; c. 1195 - October 2 , 1264 ) , born Jacques Pantaléon , was an French cleric of the Roman Catholic Church .
He studied theology and common law in Paris .
He chose to be called Urban IV .
Chlorine trifluoride can be used to clean areas where semiconductors are made .
Chlorine trifluoride is a chemical compound .
The Auton Rory helped the Doctor , Amy , and River Song ( Alex Kingston ) save the universe from the explosion that caused the cracks in time .
He is shocked to meet Amy 's ` imaginary ' `` Raggedy Doctor '' ( the Eleventh Doctor - Matt Smith ) .
He guarded the Pandorica wherever it was taken .
He joined the Eleventh Doctor ( Matt Smith ) as a companion in the middle of Series 5 .
He tried to fight his programming , but still shoots Amy .
They are visited by their daughter River , who tells them that the Doctor is still alive .
Rory Williams is a fictional character in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Amy gives birth to their daughter Melody Pond , between `` The Almost People '' and `` A Good Man Goes To War '' .
Rory and Amy learn that their daughter is River Song , and become related to the Doctor when he marries River in The Wedding of River Song .
Rory travels with the Doctor and Amy until `` Cold Blood '' .
In `` The God Complex '' Rory is the only person on the TARDIS is not hunted by the creature that feeds on faith .
He takes Amy and Rory back to Earth and gives them a house and a car as a gift .
From the age of eight , Horowitz knew he wanted to be a writer , realizing `` the only time when I 'm totally happy is when I 'm writing '' .
She also gave him a human skull for his 13th birthday .
Horowitz said in an interview once that it reminds him to get to the end of each story because he will soon look like the skull .
He graduated from the University of York with a BA in English literature in 1977 .
They are Nicholas Mark Horowitz ( born 1989 ) and Cassian James Horowitz ( born 1991 ) .
Horowitz is a patron of child protection charity Kidscape .
There , he entertained others by telling them the stories he had read .
In at least one interview , Horowitz said that believes H. P. Lovecraft based his fictional Necronomicon on real writing , and to have read some of that writing .
This is because he says they help him with ideas and research .
He enjoyed reading books from his father 's library .
He is the creator and writer of the ITV series Foyle 's War , Midsomer Murders and Collision .
Green produces Foyle 's War .
Horowitz 's father was a `` fixer '' for prime minister Harold Wilson .
He has adapted many of Agatha Christie 's Hercule Poirot novels for the ITV series .
Horowitz lives in North London with his wife Jill Green .
Horowitz said that his time in the school was `` a brutal experience '' .
At the age of eight , Horowitz was sent to a boarding school .
He died from cancer when his son , Anthony , was 22 .
Its western edge is the Iranian Plateau , a high , flat land ; its northern edge is the Himalaya Mountains , the highest mountains on Earth ; and its southern edge is made by the Vindhya and Satpura Mountains and Chota Nagpur Plateau of middle India .
Games are 14 minutes long , in two seven-minute halves .
If a match ends in a draw , it is decided by penalty shootout and the winning team gets three points and the losing team gets one point .
Starting in 2003 in Graz , Austria , the competition brings together homeless people with the aim to end homelessness .
The Homeless World Cup is an football competition for homeless people all over the world .
A team gets 3 points for a win .
The Trump Building is a skyscraper in New York City , United States .
Before it was built , the tallest building in the world was the Woolworth Building .
At first it was named the Bank of the Manhattan Company Building , but when the name of the bank changed the building was named for its address of 40 Wall Street .
The second season reunion was hosted by Star Jones .
The Bad Girls Club season 2 is the second season of The Bad Girls Club .
`` A Rugrats Passover '' was released on the VHS Rugrats : A Rugrats Passover , and will be released on the DVD Rugrats : The Complete Series .
The British Virgin Islands are part of the Virgin Islands chain of islands shared by both the United States and the United Kingdom .
In 1989 , Sperry also received the National Medal of Science .
Roger Wolcott Sperry ( August 20 , 1913 - April 17 , 1994 ) was an American neurobiologist and Nobel Prize winner .
He shared the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with David Hubel and Torsten Wiesel .
In his words , each hemisphere is This research contributed greatly to understanding how each cerebral hemisphere works .
Sperry 's work was on ` split-brain ' research .
Mother Goose is thought to be the most famous author of nursery rhymes .
A book of poems for children entitled Mother Goose 's Melody was published in England in 1781 , and the name `` Mother Goose '' has been associated with children 's poetry ever since .
Edward was crowned at the cathedral of Winchester , the royal seat of the West Saxons on 3 April 1043 .
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle indicates the popularity he enjoyed at his accession - `` before he ( Harthacnut ) was buried , all the people chose Edward as king in London '' .
Edward was canonized ( made a saint ) in 1161 by Pope Alexander III , and is commemorated on 13 October .
Following Harthacnut 's death on 8 June 1042 , Edward ascended the throne .
The Anglo-Saxon nobles invited Edward back to England in 1041 .
In 2007 , a single painting by Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri set a record at auction for Aboriginal art .
Geoffrey Bardon , the school teacher at Papunya , taught the children to paint a mural using the classical style of body and sand art .
It is famous for its development of the Western Desert art movement - widely referred to as `` dot painting '' - and is often credited with bringing Aboriginal art to the world 's attention .
He also wrote 22 suites for keyboard , and Bach wrote `` French Suites '' , `` English Suites '' and `` Partitas '' for keyboard as well as partitas for unaccompanied violin and suites for unaccompanied cello .
By the 1750s composers had stopped writing suites .
She is the aunt of actors Ryan , Geoff , AJ , Ira , Maxene , Andi , Gabby and Sid Lucero ( Tim Eigenmann ) .
She was formerly married to Rony Rogoff , an internationally-known violinist .
Together they have two children , Bianca and Raphael , in addition to her first child Jay .
In 2010 she was picked up to star in the fantasy series Grazilda for GMA Network .
She was in Phuket , Thailand , with her family when the tsunami hit the area on December 26 , 2004 .
She is the best friend of Sharon Cuneta and the godmother of KC Concepcion .
She is best known for playing Lavinia Arquelles in the movie Bituing Walang Ningning .
Evangeline Rose De Mesa Eigenmann ( born May 12 , 1963 ) is a Filipino actress .
Gil is the daughter of Filipino actors Eddie Mesa and Rosemarie Gil .
The GMA Network picked her for another television pilot , Time of My Life .
They evacuated their hotel after hearing the sound of the giant waves .
In early 2011 , Gil was picked up to join the cast of the comedy fantasy series , Magic Palayok co starring Carla Abellana , and Geoff Eigenmann .
After several years active in Philippine show business , Gil retired briefly to have surgery abroad on her throat .
Currently she is seen on ABS-CBN .
Her most recent projects are Katorse , a remake of a film starring Dina Bonevie , and a remake of the 1983 film Pieta .
The series was not picked up for a second season .
She appeared on a number of hit television series and primetime series in ABS-CBN .
The closest living relatives of humans are the two chimpanzee species : the common chimpanzee and the bonobo .
It is named for Lachlan Macquarie , who was Governor of New South Wales between 1810 and 1821 .
The Division of Macquarie is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales .
It covers a large area west of Sydney , including the Blue Mountains , and the Hawkesbury region on Sydney 's western edge .
Its best known member is Ben Chifley ( ALP ) , who was Prime Minister of Australia from 1945 to 1949 .
It was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901 .
She was taken to the emergency room .
On the May 23rd edition of Tough Enough , Christina was cut from the competition as was with A.J. Kirsch .
On the May 16th edition of Tough Enough , Christina was in a match with A.J. Kirsch where she hurt her ankle .
On August 14 , 2012 , WWE released Crawford from her contract .
Christina Crawford ( born October 17 , 1988 ) is an American dancer and professional wrestler .
On August 14 edition of FCW , Caylee teamed up with Naomi to defeat the team of Kaitlyn & Audrey Marie .
On June 22 , 2011 , she teamed up with Irena Janjic to face Audrey Marie and Sonia in a tag team match but lost .
She first appeared on July 8 , 2010 in a bikini contest .
In June 2010 , Crawford signed a contract with WWE .
Her team lost the match to AJ Lee , Kaitlyn and Naomi Knight .
Crawford first became well known on WWE 's Tough Enough .
In March 2011 , Crawford was listed as one of the fourteen people on the new version of Tough Enough .
One of the songs recorded , `` The Blues Had a Baby and They Named It Rock and Roll , Pt .
For the recordings Muddy used his then current touring band of guitarist Bob Margolin , pianist Pinetop Perkins , and drummer Willie `` Big Eyes '' Smith .
2 '' , was co-written by Brownie McGhee and another song , `` Bus Driver '' , was co-written by T. Abrahamson .
An outtake from the recording sessions , `` Walking Through the Park '' , appeared on the 2004 Legacy Recordings reissue CD , while several more unused tracks appeared on King Bee in 1981 .
Hard Again peaked at # 143 on the Billboard 200 , which was his first appearance on the chart since Fathers and Sons in 1969 .
Three of the songs on the album - `` Mannish Boy '' , `` I Want to Be Loved '' , and `` I Ca n't Be Satisfied '' - were re-recordings of songs for Chess Records .
Dan Oppenheimer of Rolling Stone magazine said that `` Mannish Boy '' sounded like it was recorded live while both Oppenheimer and Daniel Gioffre of Allmusic state how powerful Willie `` Big Eyes '' Smith 's drumming is .
All songs written by McKinley Morganfield , except where others are noted .
Hard Again is a album by Muddy Waters .
The album has been well received by several critics .
Oppenheimer , Gioffre , and Robert Christgau all share the opinion that Hard Again is Muddy Waters comeback album .
Starting from version 10.0 , Mandrake Linux became known as Mandrakelinux , and its logo changed accordingly .
The development tree of Mandriva Linux has always been known as Cooker .
In February 2004 , MandrakeSoft lost a court case against Hearst Corporation , owners of King Features Syndicate .
As a precaution , MandrakeSoft renamed its products by removing the space between the brand name and the product name and changing the first letter of the product name to lower case , thus creating one word .
This tree is directly released as a new stable version .
Hearst claimed that MandrakeSoft infringed upon King Features ' trademarked character Mandrake the Magician .
From its first release to version 8.0 , Mandrake named its flagship distribution Linux-Mandrake .
From version 8.1 to 9.2 it was called Mandrake Linux .
Its first release was based on Red Hat Linux 5.1 and was released in July 1998 .
Similarly , MandrakeMove became Mandrakemove .
Mandriva Linux was originated by Gaël Duval , and intended to focus on ease of use for new users .
The latest stable version is Mandriva Linux 2009 ( 2009.0 ) , released on 2008-10-09 .
Quena is mostly used in traditional Andean music .
The quena is also relatively common in World music .
In the 1980s and 1990s some post-Nueva Canción rock groups have also used the quena in some of their songs ; notably Soda Stereo in Cuando Pase el Temblor and Los Enanitos Verdes in Lamento Boliviano .
In most of Andes ' towns `` vamos a ir a la quena '' ( we will go to the quena ) was used to threaten little children , because the quena was made of bamboo , a hard material .
To make a sound , the player closes the top end of the pipe with the flesh between his chin and lower lip , and blows a stream of air downward , over a notch cut into the end .
The quenacho ( also `` kenacho '' in English ) is a bigger , lower sounding type of quena and made the same way .
In the 1960s and 1970s the quena was used by several Nueva Canción musicians .
Made of bamboo , it has six finger holes and one thumb hole and is open on both ends .
It is in the key of D major , a fourth lower than the quena .
It is normally in the key of G major .
It remained almost unchanged until 1993 , when the former district of Suhl was dissolved and most of its municipalities joined the district .
Hildburghausen was one of these districts , with boundaries very similar to those of the former duchy .
Hildburghausen was not one of the duchies in the Imperial circle , Altenburg was , so by swapping his land the duke gained in social rank , even though the Holy Roman Empire no longer existed In 1868 , four districts were established in the duchy of Saxe-Meiningen .
The duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen gave up his duchy in return for becoming Duke of Saxe-Altenburg .
The band started out combining mystical lyric themes with neo-classical metal , but went in a more streamlined commercial style following Dio 's departure from the group .
Rainbow ( also known as Ritchie Blackmore 's Rainbow or Blackmore 's Rainbow ) were an English hard rock band , controlled by guitarist Ritchie Blackmore from 1975 to 1984 and 1994 to 1997 .
Rainbow was ranked # 90 on VH1 's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock .
It was originally established with former Elf members , though over the years Rainbow went through many line-up changes with no two studio albums featuring the same line-up .
In addition to lead singers Ronnie James Dio , Graham Bonnet , Joe Lynn Turner and Doogie White , the project consisted of numerous backing musicians .
Most massive stars have luminosities far below the Eddington luminosity , so their winds are mostly driven by the less intense line absorption .
The Eddington limit explains the observed luminosity of accreting black holes such as quasars .
The state of balance is a hydrostatic equilibrium .
When a star exceeds the Eddington limit , it loses mass with a very intense radiation-driven stellar wind from its outer layers .
The Eddington limit , or Eddington luminosity was first worked out by Arthur Eddington .
The Kansas Turnpike is owned and repaired by the Kansas Turnpike Authority ( KTA ) , which is based in Wichita .
One service area has a memorial to American football coach Knute Rockne , who died near the turnpike .
Parts of the turnpike also are parts of four Interstate Highways : I-35 , I-335 , I-470 , and I-70 .
The Kansas Turnpike was built between 1954 and 1956 .
The turnpike was not part of the Interstate System at first .
It runs through many important cities in Kansas , including Wichita , Topeka , Lawrence , and Kansas City .
The Kansas Turnpike is a road in Kansas , part of the United States .
It was built before the Interstate Highway System .
Around 120,000 people use the Kansas Turnpike every day .
Debby Ryan is known as Bailey Pickett on The Suite Life on Deck .
Debby Ryan ( born on May 13 , 1993 , in Huntsville , Alabama ) is an American actress , singer , and songwriter .
She is a singer , her main music genres are alternative rock , country music .
Alcester Grammar School is a grammar school in a town called Alcester , in the county of Warwickshire .
Alcester Grammar School got an ` outstanding ' rating in their OFSTED inspection .
The serous membrane covering the heart and lining the mediastinum is called the pericardium , the serous membrane lining the thoracic cavity and surrounding the lungs is called the pleura , and that lining the abdominopelvic cavity and the viscera is called the peritoneum .
Serosa is not to be confused with adventitia , a connective tissue layer which binds together structures rather than reducing friction between them .
They secrete a lubricating fluid which reduces friction from muscle movement .
It secretes serous fluid , and a thin connective tissue layer .
The uncertainty of daily survival influenced people to live for the moment , as illustrated by Giovanni Boccaccio in The Decameron ( 1353 ) .
Later outbreaks include the Italian Plague of 1629-1631 , the Great Plague of London ( 1665-1666 ) , the Great Plague of Vienna ( 1679 ) , the Great Plague of Marseille in 1720-1722 and the 1771 plague in Moscow .
There is some controversy over the identity of the disease , but in its virulent form seems to have disappeared from Europe in the 18th century .
It was a serious blow to the Roman Catholic Church and resulted in widespread persecution of minorities such as Jews , Muslims , foreigners , beggars and lepers .
Over 20 inches ( 51 cm ) of snow on parts of New York City .
Between from 8-20 in ( 20-51 cm ) of snow fell in Connecticut .
The December 2010 North American blizzard was a historic blizzard that hit the northeaster part of North America in late December 2010 .
The blizzard did not affect far north of New York City .
Hartford had only 8 in ( 20 cm ) of snow .
When Ortiz arrived in Minnesota , he informed the team that he preferred to be listed as `` David Ortiz . ''
Ortiz graduated from Estudia Espaillat High School in the Dominican Republic and in 1992 he was signed by the Seattle Mariners who listed him as `` David Arias '' ( possibly not understanding Spanish naming customs ) .
He holds the Red Sox single-season record for home runs with 54 , which he set during the 2006 season .
He made his major league debut in September of 1997 .
Ortiz used to play for the Minnesota Twins from 1997-2002 .
Some ferns can grow large in moist places .
Unlike bryophytes , ferns have xylem and phloem , which makes them vascular plants .
The poem begins : They conclude that the elephant is like a wall , snake , spear , tree , fan or rope , depending upon where they touch .
A group of blind men ( or men in the dark ) touch an elephant to learn what it is like .
The Blind men and an elephant is an idiom .
Each one feels a different part , but only one part .
A famous version of story is a poem -- `` The Blind Men and the Elephant '' by John Godfrey Saxe ( 1816-1887 ) .
The story of the blind men and an elephant comes from India .
Seven Turkish letters ( Ç , Ğ , I , İ , Ö , Ş , and Ü ) are in the Turkish alphabet .
One of the French leaders , the Marquis de Condorcet declared that '' ( the metric system ) is for all people for all time '' .
The metric system is a decimal-based system of measurement .
The second was first used as part of the metric system by Carl Friedrich Gauss in 1832 .
During this time , the metric system was still the official system of measurement in France .
The names of most units of measure in the metric system have two parts .
Ostallgäu is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria , Germany .
Very often , however , the performers were expected to know or even decide for themselves the sharps and flats ( see musica ficta ) .
Antony took the east , Lepidus took Spain and part of North Africa , and Octavian took Italy .
In life , archosaurs have a horny sheath over this bone which extends the length .
Before this , the popular idea of dinosaurs had been one of plodding , reptilian giants .
As in other dromaeosaurids , the tail vertebrae have a series of ossified ( bony ) tendons and super-long bone processes .
The species name antirrhopus means `` counter balance '' , which refers to Ostrom 's idea about the function of the tail .
Teeth discovered associated with Tenontosaurus specimens imply it was hunted or at least scavenged upon by Deinonychus .
A fossil of the very closely related Velociraptor mongoliensis has an articulated tail skeleton that is curved laterally in a long S-shape .
Ostrom noted the small body , sleek , horizontal , posture , and-especially-the enlarged claws on the feet , which suggested an active , agile predator .
Deinonychus remains have been found closely associated with those of the ornithopod Tenontosaurus .
Paleontologist John Ostrom 's study of Deinonychus in the late 1960s started the debate on whether dinosaurs were warm-blooded .
Deinonychus has been described as the single most important discovery of dinosaur paleontology in the mid 20th century .
This suggests that , in life , the tail could swish to the sides with some flexibility .
This refers to the large , sickle-shaped claw bone on the second toe of each hind foot .
Fossils have been recovered from the U.S. states of Montana , Wyoming , and Oklahoma .
The current position of the English Channel was a large river flowing westwards and fed by tributaries that would later become the Thames and Seine .
Food animal populations seem to have declined although woodland coverage expanded .
Many more open air sites are known such as that at Hengistbury Head .
Tool manufacture in the Final Upper Palaeolithic revolved around smaller flints and bone and antler work became less common .
The dominant food species were the Wild Horse ( Equus ferus ) and Red Deer ( Cervus elaphus ) although other mammals ranging from hares to mammoth were also hunted .
The environment during this ice age period would have been a largely treeless tundra , eventually replaced by a warmer climate , perhaps reaching 17 degrees Celsius ( 62.6 Fahrenheit ) in summer which encouraged the expansion of birch trees as well as shrub and grasses .
The first written record of Britain and its inhabitants was by the Greek navigator Pytheas , who explored the coastal region of Britain around 325 BC .
At this time , southern and eastern Britain was linked to continental Europe by a wide land bridge allowing humans to move freely .
Farming of both crops and domestic animals was adopted in Britain around 4,500 BC at least partly because of the need for reliable food sources .
There is evidence from bones and flint tools found in coastal deposits near Happisburgh in Norfolk and Pakefield in Suffolk that Homo erectus was present in what is now Britain around 700,000 years ago .
However , the number of known sites is much larger and more widely spread .
This huge length of time saw many changes in the environment , several glacial and interglacial periods which greatly affected human settlement in the region .
Ancient Britons were however involved in extensive trade and cultural links with the rest of Europe from the Neolithic onwards , especially in exporting tin .
A final ice age covered Britain between around 70,000 and 10,000 years ago with an extreme cold snap between 22,000 and 13,000 years ago which may have driven humans south out of Britain altogether .
The most famous example from this period is the burial of the Red Lady of Paviland in modern day Wales .
There is little evidence of human occupation during the subsequent Ipswichian interglacial between around 130,000 and 110,000 years ago .
None of the pre-Roman inhabitants of Britain had any written language , so their history , culture and way of life are known only through archaeological finds .
The more advanced flint technology permitted more efficient hunting .
The extreme cold of the following Anglian glaciation is likely to have driven humans out of Britain altogether .
Neanderthal occupation of Britain was limited and by 30,000 BC the first signs of modern human ( Homo sapiens ) activity .
By 10,500 years ago the climate was becoming cooler and dryer .
Bjørnstjerne Martinius Bjørnson ( born 8 December 1832 in Kvikne , Norway - died 26 April 1910 in Paris , France ) was a Norwegian playwright , author and poet who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1903 .
At 25 he wrote his first produced play , Mellem Slagene ( Between the Battles ) .
South Asia ( or Southern Asia ) is the south area of Asia .
It includes these countries : The United Nations also includes Iran and Afghanistan as part of South Asia .
Ambulocetus did not have external ears .
In addition , its teeth are similar to those of early cetaceans .
Ambulocetids may have hunted like crocodiles , lurking in the shallows to snatch unsuspecting prey .
To detect prey on land , they may have lowered their heads to the ground and felt for vibrations .
Chemical analysis of its teeth shows that it was able to move between salt and fresh water .
It had an adaptation in the nose that enabled it to swallow underwater , and its periotic bones had a structure like those of whales , enabling it to hear well underwater .
Ambulocetus natans lived from the early Eocene ( 50 to 48 million years ago ) .
When the animal was alive , Pakistan was a coastal region of India , which was then a large island in the Indian Ocean .
It was clearly amphibious : its back legs are better adapted for swimming than for walking on land , and it probably swam by undulating its back vertically , as otters and whales do .
Julianne Moore ( born Julie Anne Smith ; December 3 , 1960 ) is a British-American actress .
Her success continued with movies such as The Big Lebowski ( 1998 ) , The End of the Affair ( 1999 ) and Magnolia ( 1999 ) .
He defeated President Megawati Sukarnoputri .
Yudhoyono became president on 20 October 2004 .
If necessary , forecasters may make adjustments to the computer forecasts .
One of the British stalwarts , the Shipping Forecast , is produced by the Met Office and broadcast on BBC Radio 4 .
The Met Office is responsible for issuing Severe Weather Warnings for the United Kingdom through the National Severe Weather Warning Service ( NSWWS ) .
In March 2008 , the system was improved and a new stage of warning was introduced , the ` Advisory ' .
The principal weather products for UK customers are 36-hour forecasts from the newly operational 1.5 km resolution UKV model covering the UK and surroundings ( replacing the 4 km model ) ; 48-hour forecasts from the 12 km resolution NAE model covering Europe and the North Atlantic ; and 144-hour forecasts from the 25 km resolution global model ( replacing the 40 km global model ) .
The Met Office ( now the official name for the Meteorological Office ) is the United Kingdom 's national weather service .
A wide range of other products for other regions of the globe are sold to customers abroad .
Part of the Met Office headquarters at Exeter in Devon is the Met Office College .
It gathers information from weather satellites in space and observations on earth .
The Shipping Forecast has long been vital to the safety of mariners on the seas around the British Isles .
These warn of weather which may affect transport and lives .
It is based on measurement of the product of the radioactive decay of an isotope of potassium ( K ) into argon ( Ar ) .
Time since recrystallization is calculated by measuring the ratio of the amount of 40Ar accumulated to the amount of 40K remaining .
Potassium is a common element found in many materials , such as micas , clay , tephra , and evaporites .
The geomagnetic polarity time scale was calibrated largely using K-Ar dating .
In these materials , the decay product 40Ar is able to escape the liquid ( molten ) rock , but starts to accumulate when the rock solidifies ( recrystallises ) .
Potassium-Argon dating or K-Ar dating is a radiometric dating method used in geochronology and archaeology .
The long half-life of 40K allows the method to be used to calculate the absolute age of samples older than a few thousand years The quickly cooled lavas that make nearly ideal samples for K-Ar dating also preserve a record of the direction and intensity of the local magnetic field as the sample cooled past the Curie point of iron .
The body fat content of a bearded seal is 30-40 % .
Just before the pups are weaned , a new mating cycle takes place .
Bearded seals give birth in the spring .
Further south , in Alaska , most pups are born in late April .
Their whiskers serve as feelers in the soft bottom sediments .
By the time they are weaned , the pups have grown to about one hundred kilograms .
Both sexes are about the same size .
They enter the water only hours after they are born , and quickly become very good divers .
Features of this earless seal include square front flippers and thick bristles on its muzzle .
Pups up to one year old will venture much deeper , diving as deep as 450 m ( 1,480 ft ) .
Pups consume an average of eight liters of milk a day .
The bearded seal is unique in the subfamily Phocinae in having two pairs of teats .
Occasionally the face and neck are reddish-brown .
Females ovulate at the end of their lactation period , but stay close to their pups , ready to defend them if necessary .
Bearded seal pups are born with a greyish-brown fur with scattered patches of white on the back and head .
The bearded seal ( Erignathus barbatus ) , also called the square flipper seal , is a medium-sized pinniped .
Bearded seals are a main food source for polar bears and for the Inuit of the Arctic coast .
Bearded seals feed on a variety of small prey found along the ocean floor , including clams , squid , and fish .
During this time the pups grow at an average rate of 3.3 kg per day .
Fossils indicate that , during the Pleistocene epoch , bearded seals went as far south as South Carolina .
Pups are born on small drifting ice floes in shallow waters .
They like shallow coastal areas no more than 300 m ( 980 ft ) deep .
Adults are greyish-brown in color , darker on the back .
During the mating season , male seals will `` sing '' .
They are 200 kg ( 441 lb ) to 430 kg ( 948 lb ) in weight .
Males live in the same areas from one year to the next .
In the Canadian Arctic , seal pupping is in May .
This sound may attract females , or may be used by the males to say what territory is theirs or their readiness for breeding .
The Flute is a musical instrument .
Sometimes there is 1 piccolo which plays an octave higher , or an alto flute which plays a fifth lower than the flute .
In addition , there are other flutes like piccolos , alto flutes , and bass flutes .
Most flutes are made of silver .
There are many kinds of flutes .
Because of the silver-grey color of the stone , Aberdeen is called the `` Silver City by the Golden Sands '' .
Aberdeen has two universities , the University of Aberdeen which was founded on 10 February 1495 by Bishop William Elphinstone and Robert Gordon University which was founded in 1910 but has a history dating back to the 1800s .
Each year in August , Aberdeen hosts the Aberdeen International Youth Festival .
It has characteristics of both pound cake and coffee cake .
Amish friendship bread is a type of bread or cake made from a sourdough starter that is often shared in a manner similar to a chain letter .
The process of sharing the starter makes it somewhat like a chain letter .
One cup of starter makes one standard loaf of bread .
It can be used to make many kinds of yeast-based breads , shared with friends , or frozen for future use .
It includes a large amount of sugar and vegetable oil , with a mild cinnamon flavor .
A common recipe using this starter uses one cup ( 240 ml ) of it to make bread .
The flavor of the finished product can be changed by not using cinnamon .
The sweet , cake-like Amish cinnamon bread is a common bread that is made from this starter .
He was then posted to 1st Battalion , Royal Australian Regiment , based at Townsville , Queensland .
He has served in East Timor , Iraq ( Operation Falconer ) and Afghanistan ( Operation Slipper ) .
Sent to the Royal Australian Infantry Corps he then did more training at Singleton , NSW , where he again won prizes for shooting and physical training , and also as the best soldier in his platoon .
He won prizes as the best shot and best at physical training in his platoon .
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002 .
Donaldson was given the award by the Governor General of Australia , Quentin Bryce , on January 16 , 2009 .
He went to Dorrigo High School .
During his time in Afghanistan he was slightly wounded on 12 August 2008 .
From February to April 2004 Donaldson did the Special Air Service training course , and was posted to I Troop , 3 Special Air Service Squadron in May 2004 .
Mark Donaldson was born on 2 April , 1979 at Waratah , New South Wales .
Frédéric Chopin 's Berceuse is a lullaby for piano .
They also used the French word Berceuse .
A lullaby is a song which is sung to help a baby or small child go to sleep .
The theory was first proposed by Abraham Ortelius in 1596 .
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory ( 1964 ) is a children 's book by British author Roald Dahl .
This story of the adventures of young Charlie Bucket inside the chocolate factory of eccentric candymaker Willy Wonka is often considered one of the most beloved children 's stories of the 20th century .
Only five children were to be allowed into Willy Wonka 's chocolate factory .
Its most common uses in construction are for covering walls , floors and roofs before the finish products are applied .
In `` Si Mogador m ' était contée '' ( `` if Mogador could talk '' ) , the old narrator , Lalla Aïcha , revives twenty stories from the ignored past of the city .
His first book , `` Une cité sous les alizés '' ( `` a city under the trade winds '' ) , is an historical study of Mogador-Essaouira from prehistory to the World War II .
`` Le Fils du Soleil '' ( `` Son of the Sun '' ) is an historical novel which tells the amazing story of Mustapha Zemmouri , better known under the name Estevanico , Moroccan from Azemmour region , slave kidnapped by a Spanish man to America and became one of the first discoverers of Arizona and New Mexico .
Then he turned to fiction , but retaining a strong historical basis .
His book `` Le Fils du Soleil '' ( `` Son of the Sun '' ) received in 2006 the `` Prix du Maroc du livre '' ( `` Morocco book award '' ) , in creative writing category · .
His biography of Kaddour Benghabrit has been selected by the `` Prix Grand Atlas '' in 2011 .
`` Le Soldat qui venait de Mogador '' ( `` The soldier who came from Mogador '' ) tells the story of the trip to Mecca of Si Taieb El Ech Chiadmi Maskali , since 1912 .
Aerospace engineer graduate from École nationale de l'aviation civile ( the French civil aviation university ; promotion 1963 ) and economist graduate from ENSAE ParisTech ( promotion 1973 ) , Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani hold boarder positions in the Moroccan public administration .
His work is largely focused on his hometown , Essaouira , which he often calls with it former name Mogador .
Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani , born the 10th of May 1940 at Essaouira ( Morocco , formerly Mogador ) , death the 30th of May 2012 in Rabat is a Moroccan economist and writer .
Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani is award in 1997 by the '' Société de Géographie humaine de Paris '' ( `` humain geography society of Paris ) with the '' prix René-Caillié '' ( `` René-Caillié award '' ) .
2012 is a 2009 American science fiction disaster movie directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich .
It was produced by Centropolis Entertainment , Emmerich 's production company , and distributed by Columbia Pictures .
The plot follows Jackson Curtis ( John Cusack ) as he tries to bring his children , Noah ( Liam James ) and Lilly ( Morgan Lily ) , ex-wife Kate Curtis ( Amanda Peet ) , and her boyfriend , Gordon Silberman ( Thomas McCarthy ) to safety from the destructive events that occur .
They liked its special effects , but were critical of its length ( 158 minutes ) and screenwriting .
Critics gave it mixed reviews .
It made $ 770 million worldwide .
In his youth he was influenced by the pianist Jimmy Yancey .
His first recording was `` Honky Tonk Train Blues '' for Paramount in 1927 .
Lewis was born Meade Anderson Lewis in Chicago , Illinois .
Meade Lux Lewis ( \* September 4 , , 1905 in Chicago - June 7 , 1964 in Minneapolis ) was an American blues , jazz and boogie woogie pianist .
The French Open is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments .
On a clay court the ball bounces much slower and higher than on hard or grass courts .
Sometimes , the French Open is called the Roland Garros tournament .
Couscous is served as a side-dish , or as a main dish .
The Moment Magnitude scale is a way to measure the power of earthquakes .
Herman Kahn ( February 15 , 1922 - July 7 , 1983 ) was one of the preeminent futurists of the second half of the twentieth century .
He was known for analyzing the likely consequences of nuclear war and recommending ways to improve survivability .
His theories helped to develop the nuclear strategy of the United States .
As the roof of the mouth was once considered the seat of the sense of taste , palate can also refer to this sense itself , as in the phrase `` a discriminating palate '' .
The palate is divided into two parts , the anterior bony hard palate , and the posterior fleshy soft palate or velum .
A similar structure is found in crocodilia , but , in most other tetrapods , the oral and nasal cavities are not truly separate .
It separates the oral cavity ( mouth ) from the nasal cavity .
By further extension , the flavor of a food ( particularly beer or wine ) may be called its palate .
If the fusion is not complete , it is called a cleft palate .
The palate is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals .
The hard palate is formed before birth .
The dragon in the Qing Dynasty came out on national flags .
A Chinese dragon was the symbol of the Emperor of China .
Pope Paul II ( Latin : Paulus Secundus ; 23 February 1417 - 26 July 1471 ) , born Pietro Barbo , was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 212th Pope from 1464 until his death in 1471 .
Sodium telluride is a chemical compound .
The earthly DMB is decided to the ETSI standard ( TS 102 427 and TS 102 428 ) .
Digital Multimedia Broadcasting or DMB is a technology that allows to send digital signals to mobile devices , such as mobile phones .
DMB is based on Eureka 147 DAB standard which is the European standard , and similar competing technologies is the mobile TV standard , DVB-H .
The International Bear Brotherhood Flag is a flag representing the international bear community .
The colors represent all the `` fur colors and nationalities around the world . ''
A claw is made of hard protein called keratin .
Similar appendages that are flat and do not come to a sharp point are called nails instead .
The claw grows outward from the nail matrix at the base of the unguis and the subunguis grows thicker while traveling across the nail bed .
The unguis grows outward faster than the subunguis to make a curve and the thinner sides of the claw wear away faster than their thicker middle , making a more or less sharp point .
This takes several months for human thumbnails .
Every so often , the growth of claws stops and restarts , just like the growth of hair .
Cats are often seen working old layers off on wood or on boards made for the purpose .
A nail that is big enough to hold weight is called a ` hoof ' ( see also Horse hoof .
The unguis is the outside hard layer , which has keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an angle .
Domesticated equids ( horses , donkeys and mules ) usually need regular trimming by a farrier .
The word `` claws '' is most often used in reference to an invertebrate .
Tetrapods use their claws in many ways , such as grasping or killing prey , digging , climbing , and hanging .
The subunguis is the soft , flaky layer , and the grain is parallel to the direction of growth .
In claws , this results in an old layer , and it breaks off .
Many predatory mammals have claws that can hide inside the animal 's paw , especially animals such as the cat .
A primate 's nail only has the unguis ; the subunguis has disappeared .
They are used by some meat eating mammals such as cats and dogs to catch and hold prey , but they may also be used for other things such as digging , climbing trees , and so on , in those and other species .
In hair , this causes the hair to fall out and it is replaced by a new one .
Tetrapods , claws are made of keratin and have of two layers .
It is found at the end of a toe or finger in many mammals , birds , and some reptiles .
A nail is similar to a claw but it is flatter and has a curved edge instead of a point .
However some lemurs have a toilet-claw .
Sarah Bernhardt has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1751 Vine Street .
By 1915 , gangrene had set in and her entire right leg was amputated , meaning she was in a wheelchair for several months .
Bernhardt 's career started in 1862 , when she was a student at the Comédie-Française .
Bernhardt made her fame on the stages of Europe in the 1870s , and was soon working in Europe and the United States .
She developed a reputation as a serious actress , getting the nickname `` The Divine Sarah . ''
On 26 March 1923 , Bernhardt died of uremia following kidney failure .
She became famous in Europe in the 1870s , and was soon in demand all over Europe and in New York .
She carried out a successful tour of America in 1915 , and died on returning to France .
The leg never healed properly , showing signs of bruising .
She coached many young women in the art of acting , including Liane de Pougy .
She was born in Paris as Marie Henriette Bernardt , the daughter of Julie Bernardt and a Dutch father .
Barium hydroxide is a chemical compound .
Barium hydroxide is used in titrations .
If sodium hydroxide solution is used , some sodium carbonate may be in there .
Hoffmann is a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina , the French National Academy of Sciences , the Academia Europaea , the European Molecular Biology Organization ( EMBO ) , the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Russian Academy of Sciences .
He is a research director and member of the board of administrators of the National Center of Scientific Research ( CNRS ) in Strasbourg , France .
Its mammalian homologs , the toll-like receptors , were discovered by Beutler .
Hoffmann was a research assistant at CNRS from 1964 to 1968 , and became a research associate in 1969 .
Between 1978 and 2005 he was Director of the CNRS research unit `` Immune Response and Development in Insects '' , and from 1993 to 2005 he was director of the Institute of Molecular and Cellular Biology of CNRS in Strasbourg .
Jules A. Hoffmann ( born 2 August 1941 ) is a Luxembourg-born French biologist .
Since 1974 he has been a Research Director of CNRS .
Hoffmann discovered the function of the fruit fly Toll gene in innate immunity .
His post-doctoral training was at the Institut für Physiologische Chemie at Philipps-Universität in Marburg an der Lahn , Germany in 1973-1974 .
Toll-like receptors identify constituents of other organisms like fungi and bacteria , and trigger an immune response .
Together with Bruce Beutler , Hoffmann received one-half of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for `` their discoveries concerning the activation of innate immunity '' .
Hoffmann completed his PhD in biology at the University of Strasbourg in 1969 .
In 2007 , he became President of the French Academy of Sciences .
The Lyside Sulphur can grow from egg to adult in as little as 13 days .
Similar species in the Lyside Sulphur 's range include Queen Alexandra 's Sulphur ( Colias alexandra ) , the Cloudless Sulphur ( Phoebis sennae ) , and the Statira Sulphur ( Phoebis statira ) .
It has 3 or more broods per year in southern Texas .
The chrysalis is a bluish-green color .
In Florida , there have been scattered sightings from July to October .
This butterfly is seen almost all year in southern Texas .
The Cloudless Sulphur is larger .
They vary from a greenish color to bright yellow to almost white .
Greener individuals have a whitish vein in the center of the hind wing .
It may have markings or may not have markings .
The Lyside Sulphur may be found in open , subtropical scrub habitats .
The Lyside Sulphur or Guayacan Sulphur ( Kricogonia lyside ) is a North American and South American butterfly .
The Statira Sulphur has a more yellowish upper side .
It has a whitish spot in the center of the hind wing .
Some individuals also have black borders along the top edges of the fore wing .
In seasons with heavy monsoons , this butterfly is seen in large migrations .
The upper side of the wings is pale yellow .
It is sometimes a resident in southern Florida .
The coloring of the Lyside Sulphur varies .
You may find that some or all of the information to be merged is already in the other page .
There are several good reasons to merge pages : Merging should always leave a redirect or a disambiguation page in place of the merged place .
That is fine ; feel free to get rid of the repeated parts and only add new stuff .
The Crimean War was a very important point in the history of warfare .
Roman rulers began to persecute the new sect almost immediately ( the emperor Nero accused the Christians of starting the fires that destroyed much of Rome in 64 AD ) , and would continue to do so for centuries , sometimes vigorously , and other times passively .
There followed the famous Year of Four Emperors , a brief period of civil war and instability , which was finally brought to an end by Vespasian , 9th Roman emperor , and founder of the Flavian Dynasty .
Later in the century the Julio-Claudian Dynasty , which had been founded by Augustus came to an end with the death of Nero in 68 .
The capital was also moved from Chang ` an to Luoyang .
China continued to be dominated by the Han Dynasty , despite a 14-year interruption by the Xin dynasty under Wang Mang .
But `` God raised him from the dead '' three days later , see Resurrection of Jesus .
However , by the end of the 4th century , Emperor Theodosius I proclaimed Christianity as the state religion of the Roman Empire .
According to the New Testament , during the reign of Tiberius , Jesus , a Jewish religious leader from Galilee , was crucified in Jerusalem on the charge of blasphemy for claiming to be the Son of God .
Christian tradition records that all of Christ 's apostles except John the Evangelist suffered martyrdom .
Over the next few decades his followers , following the Great Commission , including the apostle Paul , carried his message throughout the Greek-speaking regions of Asia Minor , eventually introducing it to Rome itself .
Wang Mang 's rule represents the watershed between the Western\/Former Han and the Eastern\/Later Han .
One of his successors Julian the Apostate renounced it for paganism and again persecuted the Church .
The 1st century was the century that lasted from 1 to 100 .
During this period Europe , North Africa and the Near East fell under increasing domination by the Roman Empire .
The reforms introduced by Augustus during his long reign stabilized the empire .
The modern periodic law says that `` The properties of elements are periodic function of their atomic number . ''
Elements in the s-block are in the first two periodic table groups .
The elements in group two are called the alkaline earth metals .
The family itself is also sometimes known as the Liudolfings , after its earliest known member Liudolf and one of its most common names .
After the end of the Ottonian dynasty ( with the death of Henry II in 1024 ) the crown passed to the Salian dynasty .
Ottonian Kings and Emperors : Some other famous members of the Liudolfing or Ottonian House :
His great-grandson was Conrad II , Holy Roman Emperor .
Although he was never Emperor , Henry I the Fowler , Duke of Saxony , was the founder of this imperial dynasty , since his election as German king made it possible for his son , Otto the Great to take on the imperium .
The Ottonian rulers are also regarded as the first dynasty of the Holy Roman Empire , as successors of the Carolingian dynasty and Charlemagne , who is commonly viewed as the original founder of a new ( Frankish ) Roman Empire .
Under the reign of the Ottonian rulers , the kingdom of the Eastern Franks finally became Germany as the duchies of Lorraine , Saxony , Franconia , Swabia , Thuringia and Bavaria joined in one empire .
Luitgard , a daughter of Emperor Otto I had married the Salian Duke Conrad the Red of Lorraine .
Ottonian dynasty was a dynasty of kings of Germany , named after its first emperor Otto I the Great .
English was introduced to Singapore by the British in 1819 , when the British established a port , later a colony , on the island .
English had been the administrative language of the colonial government , and when Singapore gained self-government in 1959 and independence in 1965 , the local government decided to keep English as the working language .
In schools , students are also required to take a Mother Tongue class , where they are either taught Mandarin Chinese , Malay or Tamil .
The use of English as a common language serves to bridge the gap between the diverse ethnic groups in Singapore .
There are many languages spoken in Singapore .
The Singapore government recognizes four official languages : English , Malay , Mandarin , and Tamil .
On February 24 , 2008 , Cink was the runner-up in the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship played in Marana , Arizona , falling 8 & 7 in the 36-hole final to top-ranked Tiger Woods .
In June 2008 , he reached his highest ever ranking , sixth , in the Official World Golf Rankings with his victory at the Travelers Championship in suburban Hartford .
Cink performed consistently on the Tour over the next few years , picking up another win at the 2000 MCI Classic .
Cink was born in Huntsville , Alabama and grew up in Florence , where he attended Bradshaw High School .
On July 19 , 2009 , Cink won his first major title at the 138th Open Championship at Turnberry , Scotland , defeating 59 year-old Tom Watson by six strokes in a four-hole playoff .
Cink had birdied the 72nd hole while Watson bogeyed , which forced the playoff .
After winning the Mexican Open and three events on the Nike Tour ( now the Nationwide Tour ) in 1996 , Cink joined the PGA Tour in 1997 and won the Canon Greater Hartford Open in his rookie season .
Stewart Ernest Cink ( born May 21 , 1973 ) is an American professional golfer .
He completed high school in 1991 and he attended Georgia Tech in Atlanta , where he played golf for the Yellow Jackets ; he turned professional in 1995 .
Until his victory in the Open Championship in 2009 , 2004 was his career year to date , with a fifth-place finish on the money list and wins at the MCI Heritage and at the WGC-NEC Invitational , which is one of the World Golf Championships events and was the most prestigious win of his career at the time .
He spent 39 weeks in the top 10 of the Official World Golf Rankings from 2004 to 2008 .
Soon after Horton opened the store , he met Ron Joyce , a former Hamilton police constable .
By 1967 , after he had opened up two more stores , he and Tim Horton became full partners in the business .
The chain got 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in Canada in 2005 .
The business was started by Tim Horton , who played in the National Hockey League from 1949 until his death in a car accident in 1974 .
In 1965 , Joyce took over the Tim Horton Donut Shop on Ottawa Street North in Hamilton .
TDL Group said in March 2006 , that because they were asked by Chief of the Defense Staff , General Rick Hillier , it would open a store at the Canadian Forces operations base in Kandahar , Afghanistan .
Tim Hortons also has 76 % of the Canadian market for baked goods ( based on the number of customers ) and has 62 % of the Canadian coffee market ( compared to Starbucks , who is the second largest with 7 % ) .
Joyce expanded the chain quickly in geography and in product selection , opening the 500th store in Aylmer , Quebec , in 1991 .
Tim Hortons Inc. is a Canadian fast food restaurant known for its coffee and doughnuts .
The new Kandahar store opened on June 29 2006 , in a 40 ft trailer on the military base .
In 1967 Tim Horton joined with investor Ron Joyce , who quickly took over running the company and expanded the chain into a multi-million dollar franchise .
After Horton 's death in 1974 , Joyce bought the company from the Horton family and took over as the only owner of the now forty stores .
Ron Joyce 's very fast expansion of the Tim Hortons business brought about two major changes in the coffee and doughnut restaurant market : independent doughnut shops in Canada were almost wiped out , and Canada 's per person ratio of doughnut shops rose past those of all other countries .
The companies first store opened in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario under the name `` Tim Horton Donuts '' ( the word donut would later be dropped and the company name ended up as just `` Tim Horton 's '' , and later was changed to `` Tim Hortons '' without the apostrophe ) .
Tim Hortons has many stores on or near many Canadian Forces Bases .
It was started in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton .
The company opened twice as many Canadian stores as did McDonald 's and sales also are bigger than those of McDonald 's Canadian restaurants as of 2002 .
Wallace studied the distribution of flora and fauna in the Amazon Basin and the Malay Archipelago in the mid-19th century .
Wallace and Sclater saw biogeography as a source of support for the theory of evolution .
The scientific theory of biogeography grows out of the work of Alexander von Humboldt ( 1769-1859 ) , Hewett Cottrell Watson ( 1804-1881 ) , Alphonse de Candolle ( 1806-1893 ) , Alfred Russel Wallace ( 1823-1913 ) , Philip Lutley Sclater ( 1829-1913 ) , and other biologists and explorers .
Otherwise , the field of biogeography would be a purely descriptive one .
Key findings , such as the sharp difference in fauna either side of the Wallace Line , can only be understood in this light .
Genome analysis allows scientists to test theories about the origin and dispersal of populations , such as island species .
They showed that the species richness of an area could be predicted if one knew the habitat area , immigration rate and extinction rate .
This spurred the development of conservation biology .
It is the county seat of Multnomah County .
Portland is the largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Portland has many nicknames .
It is found in the north part of the state , where the Willamette River meets the Columbia River .
Regent Street is a large shopping street in London 's west end .
Every single building in Regent Street is protected as a Listed Building .
Regent Street was designed by architect John Nash .
The criticism of Buddhism is much like the criticism of any other religion .
After the 2008 problems in the Tibetan area of the PRC , China claimed that the Dalai Lama helped to create the problems and violence .
Originally she was seen as the protector goddess of Lower Egypt , and therefore her image was a fierce lion .
In Greek mythology , Bast is also known as Aelurus .
As protectress , she was seen as defender of the pharaoh , and consequently of the chief god , Ra .
Bast was the ancient Egyptian goddess of protection and cats .
He was an active member of the Slovenian Democratic Party ( known as Slovenian Social Democratic Party between 1989 and 2003 ) .
Later , he worked as a researcher at the University of Freiburg .
Janko Prunk ( pronunciation ( info \* help ) ) , ( born December 30 , 1942 ) is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
From 1966 to 1995 , he collaborated with the Institute for modern history in Ljubljana .
His book A brief history of Slovenia : Historical background of the Republic of Slovenia is one of the basic full works on modern Slovenian history .
In 1984 and 1988 , he was awarded the scholarships by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation , which enabled him to continue his studies in Cologne and Freiburg .
He became very critical of the then prime minister Janez Janša , whom he accused of being a `` liberal with an authoritative touch '' who aspires at becoming a `` Slovenian Piłsudski '' .
He has also written on the history of political movements in Slovenia from the end of 19th century until World War II , especially with Slovene Christian socialism and the history of Slovenian national questions .
He obtained his PhD in 1976 with thesis on the relationship between the Slovenian Christian Socialist movement and the Communist Party of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People , which at the time was a somehow problematic topic .
Prunk was born in the small village of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu near the town of Sevnica in central Slovenia , in what was then the German-occupied Lower Styria .
In 2005 , he was appointed by the Foreign Minister Dimitrij Rupel as president of the Slovene-Croatian Historical Commission , formed by the governments of the two countries to shed light on the history of the relations between the two nations .
He now works as a professor at the Faculty for Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana .
Between 1992 and 1993 , he served as Minister for Slovenes outside Slovenia in the first coalition cabinet of Janez Drnovšek .
Janko Prunk has written over 350 specialized articles and several books .
As an early admirer of Jože Pučnik , he joined the Slovenian Social Democratic Union after the democratization of Slovenia .
He graduated at the University of Ljubljana in 1966 and obtained his Master degree from the same institution in 1972 .
Between 2004 and 2008 , he served as chairman of the Party 's internal Committee for Education Policies ; he quit for disagreements over the Government policy favoring private universities .
He has also been actively involved in politics .
He has written on politology , modern history , modern political formations , and the history of social and political thought in Slovenia .
His father , Ernst Schliemann , was a minister .
His mother , Luise Therese Sophie Schliemann , died in 1831 when Heinrich was 9 years old .
In this job , he visited many different countries around the world , and learned to speak English , French , Dutch , Spanish , Portuguese , Swedish , Italian , Greek , Latin , Russian , Arabic , and Turkish .
In six months , the bank bought and sold millions of dollars of the gold dust .
Mendeleev was one of the founders , in 1869 , of the Russian Chemical Society .
While there he became a science master of the Simferopol gymnasium № 1 .
Mendeleev was born in village of Verkhnie Aremzyani , near Tobolsk , to Ivan Pavlovich Mendeleev and Maria Dmitrievna Mendeleeva ( née Kornilieva ) .
He returned with fully restored health to Saint Petersburg in 1857 .
He worked on the theory and practice of protectionist trade and on agriculture .
His grandfather was Pavel Maximovich Sokolov , a priest of Russian Orthodox Church from the Tver region .
At the age of 13 , after the death of his father and the destruction of his mother 's factory by fire , Mendeleev attended the Gymnasium in Tobolsk .
In 1863 there were 56 known elements with a new element being discovered at a rate of approximately one each year .
After graduation , tuberculosis caused him to move to the Crimean Peninsula on the northern coast of the Black Sea in 1855 .
In 1849 , the now poor Mendeleev family went to Saint Petersburg , where he entered the Main Pedagogical Institute in 1850 .
The Russian chemist and science historian L.A. Tchugayev called him `` a chemist of genius , first-class physicist , a fruitful researcher in the fields of hydrodynamics , meteorology , geology , certain branches of chemical technology ( explosives , petroleum , and fuels , for example ) and other disciplines adjacent to chemistry and physics , a thorough expert of chemical industry and industry in general , and an original thinker in the field of economy '' .
Mendeleev is thought to be the youngest of 14 siblings , but the exact number differs between sources .
Ivan , with his brothers and sisters , got new family names while attending theological seminary .
Another was Lothar Meyer , who published a work in 1864 , describing 28 elements .
Mendeleev made other important contributions to chemistry .
Kumagaya has a total area is 159.88 km ² .
is a Japanese city in Saitama Prefecture on the island of Honshu .
The lower jaw was robust , with a short beak .
Pegomastax ( `` strong jaw '' ) is a genus of small heterodontosaur dinosaur discovered in Lower Jurassic rocks in South Africa .
The type species is P. africana .
Like most other heterodontosaurs , Pegomastax had an enlarged canine-like tooth at the beginning of the lower jaw 's tooth row , which may have been used for defense .
Paul Sereno , who had recognized it as unusual in the 1980s , published a description in 2012 .
Pegomastax differed from other heterodontosaurs by details of the skull .
It takes its name from the heavily populated City of Leicester , its traditional administrative center , although the City of Leicester is today administered separately from the rest of Leicestershire .
It is named after Calliope , the Greek Muse of epic poetry .
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Kalliope 's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates ( β , λ ) = ( -23 ° , 20 ° ) with a 10 ° uncertainty , which gives Kalliope an axial tilt of 103 ° .
Kalliope also has a low radar albedo , which is again inconsistent with a metallic surface .
Linus was found on August 29 , 2001 by Jean-Luc Margot and Michael E. Brown , while another team also independently detected the moon 3 days later .
22 Kalliope is a big main belt asteroid of the M-type , found by J. R. Hind on November 16 , 1852 .
Kalliope has one known moon , Linus , or ( 22 ) Kalliope I Linus .
Furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate that the surface is stony .
Kalliope 's rotation is then a bit retrograde .
It is quite big being 30-40 km in diameter , and would be a sizeable asteroid by itself .
Kalliope is somewhat stretched , approximately 180 km in diameter , and slightly asymmetric , as evidenced by resolved images taken with the VLT at the European Southern Observatory While its spectrum is an M-type , Kalliope does not appear to be metallic , similarly to other M-types such as 21 Lutetia , for example .
Ancestry.com announced on July 30 , 2012 , after using a combination of old documents and yDNA analysis , that Dunham 's mother may have been descended from African John Punch , who was an indentured servant\/slave in seventeenth-century colonial Virginia .
The ad featured a photograph of Dunham holding a young Obama in her arms as Obama talks about her last days worrying about expensive medical bills .
Wild Bill Hickok is her sixth cousin , five times removed .
Obama scattered the ashes of his grandmother ( Madelyn Dunham ) in the same spot on December 23 , 2008 , weeks after his election to the presidency .
Following a memorial service at the University of Hawaii , Obama and his sister spread their mother 's ashes in the Pacific Ocean at Lanai Lookout on the south side of Oahu .
Obama talked about Dunham 's death in a 30-second campaign advertisement ( `` Mother '' ) arguing for health care reform .
She was mostly of English ancestry , with some German , Swiss , Scottish , Irish , and Welsh ancestry .
Stanley Ann Dunham ( November 29 , 1942 - November 7 , 1995 ) , the mother of Barack Obama , the 44th President of the United States , was an American anthropologist .
She is the only child of Madelyn Lee Payne and Stanley Armour Dunham .
Dunham spent her childhood in California , Oklahoma , Texas and Kansas .
She was later known as , Ann Dunham , Ann Obama , Ann Soetoro , Ann Sutoro ( after her second divorce ) and finally as Ann Dunham .
Cenwalh died in 672 .
Some CR groups have looked to Celtic languages for a more culturally specific name for the tradition , or for their branch of the tradition .
These celebrations often involve bonfires , dances , songs , divination and children 's games .
More formal or mystical CR rituals are often based on traditional techniques of interacting with the Otherworld , such as the act of making offerings of food , drink and art to the spirits of the land , ancestral spirits , and the Celtic deities .
No list can completely cover all the recommended works , but this is a small sample of sources used .
Many CRs view each act of daily life as a form of ritual , and they accompany daily activities with traditional prayers , chants and songs from sources such as the Scottish Gaelic Carmina Gadelica or manuscript collections of ancient Irish or Welsh poetry .
Celtic Reconstructionists rely on primary mythological texts , as well as surviving folklore , for the basis of their religious practices .
While Celtic Reconstructionism was the earliest name in use , and is still used the most often , other names for a Celtic Reconstructionist approach have also come into use , with varying degrees of success .
Community rituals are usually based on traditional community celebrations found in folkloric collections by authors such as Marian McNeill , Kevin Danaher or John Gregorson Campbell .
They may place these altars at outdoor , natural locations such as wells , streams , and special trees .
There are groups who now described their traditions as Pàganachd ( `` Paganism , Heathenism '' in Scottish Gaelic ) or the Irish version , Págánacht .
Some CRs practice divination , such as the taking of omens from the shapes of clouds or the behavior of birds and animals .
CR ritual structures are based on the ancient Celtic idea of the `` Three Realms '' - Land , Sea and Sky - with the fire of inspiration seen as a central , uniting force .
Some Gaelic-oriented groups use the two terms somewhat interchangeably , or further modify these terms to describe the CR sub-tradition practiced by their particular group , such as Pàganachd Allaidh ( `` Wild Paganism '' ) or Pàganachd Bhandia ( `` Paganism of Goddesses '' ) , both used by Gaelic Reconstructionist groups on the East Coast of the US .
The first person to write about being a `` Celtic Reconstructionist Pagan '' was Kym Lambert ní Dhoireann .
In the late 1990 's , members of Imbas , a Celtic Reconstructionist group in Seattle , began promoting the name Senistrognata , which they say means `` the ancestral customs of the Celtic peoples '' in reconstructed Old Celtic .
The angle tint tool has a slightly curved tip that is commonly used in printmaking .
Each cell creates one printing dot later in the process .
Gravers come in a variety of shapes and sizes that give different line types when used .
The engraving process with diamonds is state of the art since the 1960s .
Engraving machines such as the K500 or K6 by Hell Gravure Systems use a diamond `` pen '' to cut cells .
In the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing , more than one engraver will work on the same printing plate , making it nearly impossible for any person to duplicate all the engraving on almost any banknote or document .
The result may be a decorative piece in itself , as when silver , gold or steel are engraved , or may provide a printing plate of copper or another metal , for printing images on paper which are also called engravings .
Now , laser engraving machines are being made and even today the mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .
Engravers use a steel tool called a burin to cut the picture or pattern into the surface , mostly a copper plate .
Florentine liners are flat-bottomed tools with multiple lines on them , used to do work on larger areas .
Because of the high level of detail that can be done by a master engraver , faking engraved designs is almost impossible , and modern banknotes are almost always engraved , as are plates for printing money , checks , bonds and other papers that should not be faked .
Flat gravers are used for doing work on letters , as well as most musical instrument engraving work .
Round gravers are commonly used on silver as well as other hard-to-cut metals such as nickel and steel .
A K6 can have up to 18 engraving heads each cutting 8,000 cells per second to an accuracy of 0.1 µm and below .
It has long been replaced by photography in its commercial uses and , is nowadays much less common in printmaking , where it has been almost completely replaced by etching and other techniques .
Engraving is so fine that a normal printer can not make the detail of hand engraved images properly .
Engraving is putting a design onto a hard , flat surface , by carving into it .
They are of course fully computer controlled and the whole process of cylinder making is fully automatic .
Howard Walter Florey , Baron Florey OM FRS ( 29 November 1898 - 21 February 1968 ) was an Australian pathologist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for 1945 , for his study into penicillin .
He died from a heart attack in 1968 .
He was born in Adelaide , South Australia .
From 1962 he was Provost of The Queen 's College at Oxford .
he had a big role in starting the Australian National University ( ANU ) , especially the John Curtin School of Medical Research .
He was appointed a knight bachelor , and later a baron .
The London Symphony Orchestra ( LSO ) is one of the most famous orchestras of the world .
Most of the players had been members of Henry Wood 's Queen 's Hall orchestra .
In 2006 , Daniel Harding became the co-principal guest conductor together with Michael Tilson Thomas .
Albatrosses have been described as `` the most legendary of all birds '' .
Many Buller 's Albatrosses and Black-footed Albatrosses nest under trees in open forest .
Albatrosses take several years to get their full adult feathers .
Albatross chicks take a long time to fledge ( learn how to fly ) .
The feet have no last toe and the three other toes are all webbed .
Another threat to albatrosses are introduced species , like rats or feral cats ( cats that live without being cared for by people ) , which attack the albatross or its chicks and eggs .
Most albatrosses are found in the southern hemisphere from Antarctica to Australia , South Africa and South America .
For example , on Gough Island , the chicks of Tristan Albatrosses are attacked and eaten alive by house mice .
The great albatrosses take over a year to raise a chick .
One important step towards protecting albatrosses and other seabirds is the 2001 treaty by the Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels , which eight countries , Australia , Ecuador , New Zealand , Spain , South Africa , France , Peru and the United Kingdom , agreed with .
They were once known as Goonie birds or Gooney birds , especially the albatrosses in the North Pacific .
In all albatross species , both parents incubate the egg from between one day and three weeks .
The tubes of all albatrosses are on the sides of the bill .
Between 15 % and 65 % of those who fledged survive to find their mate after .
During this time the parents feed the chick small meals .
All birds have a large gland at the top part of their bill , above their eyes .
The Waved Albatross , however , does not make a nest but instead moves its egg around the pair 's territory , as much as 50 m ( 160 ft ) .
From the 21 albatross species found by the IUCN on their list , 19 are threatened , and the other two are very near to being threatened as well .
Albatrosses lay one egg , white with reddish brown spots .
As Europeans began to explore the world , they too began to hunt albatross .
In Portuguese , the word still presently used for the bird , albatroz , came from the English albatross .
When taking-off , albatrosses need to run first to help the wing make lift .
This is one of their strongest instinct , and the study of Laysan Albatross showed that the normal distance between the place where it was hatched and the place where the bird made its own territory was 22m ( 72 ft ) .
In the case of more bigger albatrosses , it can take up to 280 days .
Conservationists have also worked on taking away the introduced species to protect the albatrosses .
Great Albatrosses are among the largest of flying birds .
A study of Tristan Albatrosses living on the Gough Island showed that males look for food on the west and the females go around the east .
The last one , the Waved Albatross , is in the Galapagos Islands and finds food in the coast of South America .
The parents both take turns to go and find food , that are about 12 % of their body weight ( around 600 g ( 21 oz ) ) .
When they do this , it takes a lot of energy , and the adult can lose as much as 83 g ( 2.9 oz ) of body weight a day .
The larger eggs weigh from 200-510 g ( 7.1-18 oz ) .
Nineteen of the twenty-one species of albatross are endangered .
The oldest albatross recorded was the Northern Royal Albatross that lived for 61 years .
Because of this , albatrosses in calm seas must stop and rest on the surface of the ocean until the wind begins to blow harder .
From the two albatross species that live in Hawaii , one of them , the Black-footed Albatross , eats mostly fish .
It is not known clearly why the albatrosses became extinct in the North Atlantic .
Tall towers killed 3000 birds in between the years 1964-1965 .
Incubation lasts around 70 to 80 days .
The bill is large , strong and sharp .
The wings of the largest albatrosses ( genus Diomedea ) can be up to 340 cm ( 11.2 ft ) .
Like most seabirds , albatrosses live much longer than other birds .
They live in the region of the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific Ocean .
Other species , like the Black-browed Albatross or the Grey-headed Albatross , eats smaller species of squid that sink after they die , and they do not scavenge a lot .
However , this theory was not true because some species have a mean diving depth of almost 5 m and can dive as deep as 12.5 m. They have now been seen to eat from the surface and diving , and sometimes also plunge from the air to snatch their prey .
There are four main species of albatross : Great Albatrosses , North Pacific Albatrosses , Mollymawks and Sooty Albatrosses .
For example , a study made by some scientists and fishermen in New Zealand was to make the fishing people put the lines below the reach of some certain kinds of albatross species .
Albatrosses flying north from their family sometimes fly in a clockwise direction , and those flying south will fly the opposite .
Along the sides are the two `` tubes '' .
Some kind of albatrosses that live in the south have usually been trapped in the North Atlantic , and are forced to stay there for a long time .
They make it with grass , soil , and sometimes penguin feathers .
The adult albatrosses usually have a dark upper-wing and back , and white undersides when they are getting ready to take flight .
The name Diomedea , given to the albatrosses by Linnaeus , is from the story about the Greek warrior Diomedes becoming a bird .
They find food such as fresh squid , fish and krill .
On the Midway Atoll , there were many airplane crashes because of the Laysan Albatrosses .
The albatross eats cephalopods , fish , crustaceans and offal .
The Māori people used the bones in the wings of the albatross to carve tattoos into their skin at ceremonies .
Also , there is a myth that sailors do not shoot or eat albatrosses because they think it is bad .
Albatross chicks learn to fly on their own .
They try to find out about the way albatrosses go across the ocean to find food with the satellites .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 863.66 square miles ( 2,236.9 km2 ) , of which 704.01 square miles ( 1,823.4 km2 ) ( or 81.51 % ) is land and 159.65 square miles ( 413.5 km2 ) ( or 18.49 % ) is water .
Dixie County was created in 1921 from the southern portion of Lafayette County .
`` Dixie '' is a common nickname for the Southern United States .
Dixie County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida .
Its county seat is Cross City , Florida .
Klaus is the middle child of the Baudelaire orphans ; he has an older sister named Violet and a younger sister named Sunny .
He is twelve years old at the beginning of the series , and turns thirteen in The Vile Village .
Klaus Baudelaire is a fictional character in the popular children 's book series , A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket .
The development of a sufficiently powerful microscope by Anton van Leeuwenhoek in 1675 provided visual evidence of living particles consistent with a germ theory of disease .
The study subjects should be at risk of the outcome under investigation at the beginning of the cohort study ; this usually means that they should be disease free when the cohort study starts .
They were considered to be able to spread by air , multiply by themselves and to be destroyable by fire .
Unfortunately , disinfection did not become widely practiced until British surgeon Joseph Lister ` discovered ' antiseptics in 1865 in light of the work of Louis Pasteur .
The cohort is followed through time to assess their later outcome status .
Italian doctor from Verona named Girolamo Fracastoro was the first to propose a theory that these very small , unseeable , particles that cause disease were alive .
He refuted Galen 's miasma theory ( poison gas in sick people ) .
He noticed the significantly higher death rates in two areas supplied by Southwark Company .
Case-series may refer to the qualititative study of the experience of a single patient , or small group of patients with a similar diagnosis , or to a statistical technique comparing periods during which patients are exposed to some factor with the potential to produce illness with periods when they are unexposed .
His identification of the Broad Street pump as the cause of the Soho epidemic is the classic example of epidemiology .
In 1954 there was a publication of the results of a British Doctors Study , led by Richard Doll , which lent very strong statistical support to the suspicion that tobacco smoking was linked to lung cancer .
In 1543 , he in his book De contagione et contagiosis morbis was the first to promote personal and environmental hygiene to prevent disease .
This has been perceived as a major event in the history of public health and can be regarded as the founding event of the science of epidemiology .
He used chlorine in an attempt to clean the water and had the handle removed , thus ending the outbreak .
He has also drawn the distinction between ` epidemic ' and ` endemic ' to distinguish between diseases that are ` visited upon ' a population ( epidemic ) from those that ` reside within ' a population ( endemic ) .
In 1847 Hungarian physician Ignaz Semmelweis brought down infant mortality at a Vienna hospital by instituting a disinfection procedure .
The term has expanded considerably in scope since to cover the description and causation of not only epidemic disease , but of disease in general , and even many non-disease health-related conditions , such as high blood pressure and obesity .
Cohort studies select subjects based on their exposure status .
Epidemiological studies can only go to prove that an agent could have caused disease in population , but not that it did cause , an effect in any particular case .
In the early 20th century , mathematical methods were introduced into epidemiology by Ronald Ross and others .
Hippocrates is viewed as the father of epidemiology as the first who has examined the relationships between the occurrence of disease and environmental influences .
Epidemiologists also study the interaction of diseases in a population .
Dr. John Snow investigated into the causes of the 19th Century Cholera epidemics .
The term ` epidemiology ' has first been used to describe the study of epidemics in 1802 by the Spanish physician Villalba .
But the term is used in studies of zoological populations , although there is the term ` epizoology ' , and it has also been applied to studies of plant populations .
Epidemiologists rely on biology ( to better understand disease processes ) , biostatistics ( to design and understand good studies ) , Geographic Information Science ( to store data and map disease patterns ) and social science disciplines ( to understand `` big picture '' causes ) .
The word derived from the Greek terms epi = upon , among ; demos = people , district ; logos = study , word , discourse .
In 1662 John Graunt used analysis of the mortality rolls in London before the Great Plague to provide statistical evidence for many theories on disease , and refute widespread ideas on them .
Since 1965 they use Bradford-Hill criteria for assessing evidence of causation .
Cossacks ( Ukrainian : Козаки ) are a group of people in the southern land of Ukraine and Russia .
Cossack armies fought in the Second World War .
It borders Saudi Arabia and Oman on the north and the east .
In ancient times , Yemen was an important center of trade and power .
It was known to the ancient Romans as Arabia Felix ( `` Happy Arabia '' in Latin ) .
In 1974 the district and the district-free city Saarbrücken were merged , and the new administrative body was named Stadtverband Saarbrücken .
The district Saarbrücken was originally created in 1816 .
Although it 's not a district like others , most of its administrative tasks are same as those of a district .
The Saar River flows through the district , through the city Saarbrücken in the center of the district .
It is located in the south of the Saarland , Germany .
The Regionalverband Saarbrücken is a Kommunalverband besonderer Art , that is , it is a special mix of a rural district and a district free city .
He really helped us focus and get started '' .
Executive producer Joel Silver said that his name would remain : `` He worked really hard on the arc of the series .
David Greenwalt ( born October 16 , 1949 ) is an American screenwriter .
He is also co-creator of the short lived television series Profit .
Greenwalt is best known as a writer on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and co-creator of its spinoff , Angel .
On June 1 , 2007 , The Hollywood Reporter announced that Greenwalt would serve as executive producer and showrunner on Moonlight , a new series that will debut on CBS in the fall of 2007 .
He was born in Burlington , Vermont .
Carlisle is a small town in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States .
Carlisle is about 8 miles south-southwest of Lowell , and 23 miles northwest of Boston .
It became a town in 1805 .
Pérez drove for the Campos Grand Prix team in the 2008-09 GP2 Asia Series season , partnering Russian driver Vitaly Petrov .
He is the first Mexican driver to compete at this level of motorsport since Giovanni Aloi took part in International Formula 3000 in 1990 .
Pérez moved to Europe for 2005 to compete in the German Formula BMW ADAC series for two years .
He added a second win at Losail , during the sprint race of the night meeting in Qatar .
Pérez competed in the United States-based Skip Barber National Championship in 2004 .
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate fastest lap ) ( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate fastest lap )
He won his first GP2 Asia Series race at Sakhir , having started from the pole position .
On September 28th 2012 , Lewis Hamilton 's decision to leave McLaren for Mercedes in 2013 was announced , and Pérez was subsequently confirmed as Hamilton 's replacement , a massive step-up in his career .
In the off-season , he raced in two rounds of the 2009-10 GP2 Asia Series season for Barwa Addax .
He moved to Arden International for the main 2009 GP2 Series season , driving alongside Edoardo Mortara .
Pérez took part one round of the 2006-07 A1 Grand Prix season .
Pérez finished twelfth in the standings .
Sauber also announced a partnership with the Mexican telecom company Telmex .
Pérez moved to the British Formula Three Championship for 2007 .
Sergio Pérez ( born January 26 , 1990 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) , also known as `` Checo '' Pérez , is a Mexican racing driver .
He won the championship in the National Class .
It is located on the Andaman Sea , and contains 46 islands together with the mainland area .
Governor Mahison Phakdi brought rubber from Malaysia and planted it here in 1899 .
The rivers flow between the Khao Luang mountain range and the Khao Banthat mountain range .
Trang used to be a port involved in foreign trade and transportation .
The province is divided into ten districts ( amphoe ) :
The stipulation of the match was that André the Giant had to body slam Studd to win $ 15,000 , and if he failed , he would be forced to retire .
First , Piper , Orndorff , and Orton made their way to the ring as drums and bagpipes played , causing the crowd to boo .
After the match ended , David Sammartino , accompanied by his father Bruno Sammartino , and Brutus Beefcake , accompanied by Johnny Valiant , made their way to the ring .
After the match 's order was restored , Orndorff and Piper had the offensive advantage .
Crowd favorites Hogan , Mr. T , and Snuka made their way to the ring next .
After all the men had left ringside , it was time for the WWF Women 's Championship match between Wendi Richter , managed by singer Cyndi Lauper , and Leilani Kai , managed by former champion The Fabulous Moolah .
Nikolai Volkoff and Iron Sheik , accompanied to the ring by Freddie Blassie , challenged the reigning champions , The U.S. Express ( Mike Rotundo and Barry Windham ) , who were accompanied by Lou Albano .
The first match was between Tito Santana and The Executioner .
The next match was between Ricky Steamboat and Matt Borne .
Mid-way through the match , all four men began brawling in the ring , and Muhammad Ali punched Piper in an attempt to restore order .
At The War to Settle the Score , which aired on February 18 , 1985 , Leilani Kai , accompanied by Moolah , defeated Richter , again accompanied by Lauper , to win the Women 's Championship .
Kai then performed a flying crossbody from the top rope , but Richter used Kai 's momentum to roll-up Kai in a pinning position .
The next match on the card was a $ 15,000 Body Slam Challenge between André the Giant and Big John Studd , who was accompanied by Bobby Heenan .
The match began with Mr. T and Piper in the ring and the two traded blows .
A short while later , all four men began fighting in the ring , and the match ended in a no-contest .
The main event and last match of the night pitted Hulk Hogan , the reigning WWF Champion , and Mr. T , accompanied by Jimmy Snuka , against Roddy Piper and Paul Orndorff , accompanied by Cowboy Bob Orton .
Wendi Richter defeated The Fabulous Moolah to win the WWF Women 's Championship on the card , with Lauper on her side .
Instead , Orton mistakenly hit Orndorff , and Hogan pinned him to win the match .
After weakening his knees with multiple kicks , André was able to lift Studd over his shoulders and execute a body slam to win the match .
As a result , Tito Santana ran down to the ring and explained what had happened to the match 's official .
After nearly being pinned , The Sheik hit Windham in the head with Blassie 's cane as the referee had his back turned .
As Orndorff locked Hogan into a full nelson , Orton climbed the top rope to attempt to knock out Hogan .
As the action went back and forth , Hart climbed on the ring apron , where Valentine accidentally hit him .
The U.S. Express dominated the early part of the match until Volkoff and The Sheik began to gain the offensive advantage over Rotundo .
On another episode of Piper 's Pit , Piper spoke out against the burgeoning Rock 'n' Wrestling connection , which led to a confrontation with Hulk Hogan .
In frustration , Piper knocked out the other official , Pat Patterson , and went backstage .
Shortly after the match began , Moolah grabbed Richter as she was outside on the floor , but Lauper saved her from an attack .
After beginning the match in the defensive position , André countered with chops and a headbutt .
On one episode of the show , he hit Jimmy Snuka over the head with coconut , leading to a feud between the two men .
Heenan , however , grabbed the bag holding the remainder of the winnings and ran from ringside .
The following match was a for the WWF Tag Team Championship .
Valentine , however , kept his title as titles do not change hands through count-out .
The first championship defense of WrestleMania was between Junkyard Dog ( JYD ) and the reigning WWF Intercontinental Champion Greg Valentine , who was accompanied to the ring by his manager Jimmy Hart .
The attendance for the event was 19,121 fans .
Professional boxer Muhammad Ali was the special guest referee .
After André collected his prize money , he threw some of it into the audience .
After performing a flying crossbody , Steamboat pinned Borne for the win .
With this pin , Richter became the new Women 's Champion .
The action favored both contestants , as each wrestler alternated having the advantage .
As a result of the match , André was able to continue his undefeated streak unscathed .
It took place on March 31 , 1985 at Madison Square Garden in New York , New York .
In the months leading up to the first WrestleMania , Roddy Piper began a talk-show segment on WWF television entitles Piper 's Pit .
To build up the show , the WWF aired two wrestling specials on MTV .
The event was viewed by over one million fans through closed circuit television , making it the largest event on closed-circuit television in the United States at the time .
WrestleMania ( chronologically known as WrestleMania I ) was the first WrestleMania professional wrestling event produced by the World Wrestling Federation .
The event was the start of the Rock 'n' Wrestling gimmick , which brought together professional wrestling and the music industry .
After Volkloff got the pin , Volkoff and The Sheik were crowned as the new tag champions .
The first one was The Brawl to End it All , aired on July 23 , 1984 , in which a match from a live MSG broadcast was shown on MTV .
As part of the storyline , Piper recruited Cowboy Bob Orton to be his bodyguard .
Following the match , King Kong Bundy , accompanied by Jimmy Hart , and Special Delivery Jones made their way to the ring .
He then pushed Sammartino back into the ring .
The WWF 's official time for the match is nine seconds .
After Rotundo tagged in his partner Windham , Windham performed a bulldog on The Sheik .
After Beefcake threw David Sammartino out of the ring , Valiant performed a body slam on him onto the cement floor .
Later , Valentine pinned JYD with his feet on the ropes for leverage , which is an illegal maneuver .
For the first WrestleMania , Vince McMahon began cross promoting with MTV and several celebrities like Muhammad Ali , Liberace and Cyndi Lauper appeared during the build up to and at the event .
In February 1985 , the two men faced each other at The War to Settle the Score , where Hogan won by disqualification .
Steamboat took the early advantage in the match-up , until Borne performed a belly-to-belly suplex on Steamboat .
After performing an avalanche and big splash , Bundy defeated Jones in record making time .
The match was restarted , and JYD eventually won the match by count-out .
Montreal 's Dave Ritchie scored the first goal in NHL history and Harry Hyland had four goals in the Wanderers 10-9 victory , which would be their only one in the NHL .
This was the first implemented and amended rule change in the National Hockey League .
Both players received match penalties , $ 15 fines and were arrested by the Toronto Police for disorderly conduct , for which they received suspended sentences .
On January 9 , 1918 , the league decided to allow goaltenders to drop to the ice surface in order to make saves .
The Montreal Wanderers withdrew early in January 1918 after their rink , the Westmount Arena , burned down .
The first game of the season featured Toronto versus the Wanderers .
Two Wanderers games count as wins for Canadiens and Toronto .
Wanderers defaulted scheduled games against the Canadiens ( Jan. 2 , 1918 ) and Toronto ( Jan. 5 , 1918 ) , when their arena burned down .
The 1917-18 NHL season was the first season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
George Kennedy , owner of the Canadiens , would later say : The Toronto team played without a nickname for the season .
The Montreal Canadiens won the first half , and Toronto the second half .
On November 26 , 1917 , representatives of the NHA clubs met at the Windsor Hotel in Montreal .
The two teams then played a two game total goals series for the NHL championship and the O'Brien Cup .
Livingstone would sue for the Toronto team 's revenues in 1918 .
On January 28 , when Canadiens visited Toronto , players Alf Skinner and Joe Hall started swinging their sticks at each other .
Toronto won the series and advanced to the Stanley Cup finals .
The franchise had players from the Toronto Blueshirts , including those who had been sent to other NHA teams for the second half of the 1916-17 NHA season .
Second half GP = Games Played , G = Goals , A = Assists , Pts = Points , PIM = Penalties In Minutes Montreal had won the first half of the NHL split season and Toronto had won the second half .
The season was split into two halves , December 19 to February 4 , and February 6 to March 6 .
It was done in response to Ottawa 's Clint Benedict , who would fall to the ice to stop the puck , even though it was against the rules .
First half † Montreal Arena burned down and Wanderers withdraw .
The opening game was played in front of 700 people .
The NHA was involved in a lawsuit against the 228th Battalion , who had a team in the NHA the year before , and could or would not fold until that was finished .
Toronto vs. Montreal Canadiens Toronto wins total goals series 10-7 for the O'Brien Cup Vancouver Millionaires vs. Toronto Toronto wins best-of-five series 3 games to 2 for the Stanley Cup GP = Games Played , G = Goals , A = Assists , Pts = Points
Toronto won the NHL playoff and then won the Stanley Cup by defeating the PCHA 's Vancouver Millionaires three games to two in a best-of-five series The November 10 , 1917 annual meeting of the NHA was presided over by Frank Calder , who was the NHA secretary .
These were counted as losses in the standings , though the games were not played .
While Eddie Livingstone , who owned Toronto teams , agreed to do this , the NHL owners did not want to share any money with him .
Anthony Lewis Amonte ( born August 2 , 1970 in Hingham , Massachusetts ) is a retired American professional ice hockey right winger that played in National Hockey League .
Amonte was drafted by the New York Rangers with the 68th overall pick in the 1988 NHL Draft .
Large numbers of quasars , galaxies , extrasolar planets and Solar System bodies will be measured at the same time .
A successor to the Hipparcos mission , it is part of ESA 's Horizon 2000 Plus long-term scientific program .
Gaia will monitor each of its target stars about 70 times over a period of five years .
It will be operated in a Lissajous orbit around the Sun-Earth L2 Lagrangian point .
Gaia will create an extremely precise three-dimensional map of stars throughout the Milky Way galaxy and map their motions .
The massive stellar census will provide the basic observational data .
The mission aims to compile a 3D space catalogue of about one billion astronomical objects .
Gaia is a space observatory .
Kazarsky was the captain of brig Mercury and became famous after the victory in the battle against two Turkish ships of the line .
Aleksandr Ivanovich Kazarsky ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Ива́нович Каза́рский , 1797 - 1833 ) ( June 16 , 1797 - June 16 , 1833 ) was a Russian Navy officer , the hero of the Russo-Turkish War ( 1828-1829 ) .
A brig and a torpedo boat were named after Alexander Kazarsky .
The bridge was bought by the Reading Railroad in 1851 .
The government of the state of Pennsylvania and the Philadelphia and Columbia Railroad company built it .
The Columbia Railroad Bridge , which is also called the Columbia Bridge , is a bridge located in the city of Philadelphia in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States .
It was a covered bridge .
Dinosaurs , pterosaurs , marine reptiles ( Ichthyosaurs , Plesiosaurs , turtles ) all flourished .
In The Pathless Path to Immortality , Shri Gurudev Mahendranath writes : Indeed , the Dattatreya Upanisad , which opens proclaiming Dattatreya 's identity with Vishnu , ends with the mantra Om Namah Shivaya , identifying Datta with Shiva .
In the last portion of the third chapter , Mahesvara ( Shiva ) alone is said to pervade reality and shine in every heart of man .
Dattatreya left home at an early age to wander naked in search of the Absolute .
Finally , Mahesvara is identified with Dattatreya , depicting the latter as an Avatar of Shiva .
He alone is in front , behind , to the left , to the right , below , above , everywhere the center .
The original footprints of Datta are believed to be located on the lonely peak at Mount Girnar .
He seems to have spent most of his life wandering in the area between and including North Mysore , through the Maharashtra , and into Gujarat as far as the Narmada River .
In the Nath tradition , Dattatreya is seen as an Avatar or incarnation of the Lord Shiva and as the Adi-Guru ( First Teacher ) of the Adi-Nath sampradaya of the Nathas .
Although Dattatreya was at first a `` Lord of Yoga '' with Tantric traits , he was adapted and assimilated into the more devotional cults ; while still worshiped by millions of Hindus , he is approached more as a benevolent God than as a teacher of the highest essence of Indian thought .
The Tripura-rahasya refers to the disciple Parasurama finding Datta meditating on Gandhamadana mountain .
Theism is the religious belief that at least one god exists .
Polytheism is the belief in several gods , while monotheism is the belief in just one god .
Sophia Dorothea 's father , George William , and George Louis , had Sophia Dorothea imprisoned in Ahlden Castle in Celle , where she was unable to see her father , former husband , or children .
George I ( George Louis ) was born in Osnabrück , Germany , on 28 May 1660 , and was the ruler of Hanover in North Germany .
The marriage was ended in 1694 , on the grounds that Sophia Dorothea had effectively abandoned George .
There is a common Chinese abacus .
There are one or two beads in the top rows , and four or five beads in the bottom ones .
They also performed works by such 20th-century composers as Béla Bartók and Benjamin Britten ( who wrote his third quartet especially for them ) .
They studied with violin teacher Max Rostal , who taught them free of charge .
The quartet made about 200 recordings , among them the complete quartets of Ludwig van Beethoven , Johannes Brahms , and W. A. Mozart .
The Amadeus Quartet was a world famous string quartet founded in 1947 .
Violinists Norbert Brainin , Siegmund Nissel and Peter Schidlof were forced to leave Vienna for London because of their Jewish origin after Hitler 's Anschluss of 1938 .
In 1947 they formed the Brainin Quartet .
The Amadeus was one of the most celebrated quartets of the 20th century .
It is part of the Dothan , Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area .
It is the county seat of Henry County .
The coordinates for Abbeville are : 31 ° 33 ′ 59 ″ N 85 ° 15 ′ 5 ″ W \/ 31.56639 ° N 85.25139 ° W \/ 31.56639 ; -85.25139 ( 31.566367 , -85.251300 ) .
Abbeville is a city in the state of Alabama , in the United States .
This includes 15.6 square miles ( 40 km2 ) of land and 0.1 square miles ( 0.26 km2 ) of water .
There are six games in total - three where the player has to follow the command , one memory game that uses a combination of colors and numbers , a code buster game and a game called Pass Attack where players have to make up their own pattern .
The spherical unit has six colored knobs - purple , red , green , white , orange and yellow - with numbers on them , and a blue base .
The voice calls out a color , a number , or both , depending on the game selected , and the player flips the unit so that the correct knob is facing upwards .
A second version was released in 2002 with a translucent black base .
After every four points , the game becomes faster .
The game was the most popular in Duracell 's Kids ' Choice National Toy Survey in 1996 .
If the player responds incorrectly , the round is ended and the unit will make a laughing sound .
Players follow the spoken words of the game unit by choosing the correct number or color .
Its catch phrase is `` If you do n't keep up with me , you 're finished ! ''
Brain Warp is an electronic toy made by Tiger Electronics and released in 1996 .
In South Africa , Southern Ndebele is known simply as Ndebele , since most speakers of Northern Ndebele live in Zimbabwe .
Tsonga is a Tswa-Ronga language .
Most South Africans can speak more than one language .
The 1993 version of the Constitution referred to Northern Sotho as Sesotho sa Leboa , but the 1996 version called it Sepedi .
They are Afrikaans , English , Ndebele , Northern Sotho , Sotho , Swazi , Tswana , Tsonga , Venda , Xhosa and Zulu .
Four of the Bantu languages are part of the Nguni family ( Zulu , Xhosa , Swati , Ndebele ) .
Two of the official languages are West Germanic languages ( English and Afrikaans ) .
Different government departments and official organizations use different names for Northern Sotho .
Three of the Bantu languages are Sotho-Tswana languages ( Northern Sotho , Southern Sotho , Tswana ) .
The main language of government is English .
She is also known as Vishahara ( the destroyer of poison ) , Jagadgaurī , Nityā ( eternal ) and Padmavati .
He came across a group of men who were hanging upside down from a tree .
These men were his ancestor who were doomed because their children did not perform their last rites .
In some scriptures , Kashyapa is considered to be her father .
She is now regarded as a Hindu goddess rather than a tribal one .
Sage Jagatkāru decided to abstain of marriage .
Vasuki offered Jagatkāru his sister , Manasa .
Her myths are emphasize by her bad temper and unhappiness because in many beliefs , her father , Shiva , rejected her and her step-mother Chandi hated her .
Manasa ( Bengali : মনসা , Manasha ) also known as Manasa Devi is the Hindu goddess of snakes and poison .
Originally Manasa was a Adivasi ( tribal ) goddess .
Her one eye is due to a belief that her stepmother Chandi burnt one of her eyes out of jealousy .
So they asked Jagatkāru to marry and to have a son who can perform the rites to free them .
For scientists , the zenith is the direction of reference for measuring the zenith angle .
These were the orbiter , the external fuel tank and solid rocket boosters .
Space Shuttles were used to carry astronauts and cargo into space .
The Space Shuttle was made up of 3 parts .
Razor shells have a fragile shell , with open ends .
The razor shell has been known to reach 23 centimetres ( 9.1 in ) in length .
The inner surface is white with a purple tinge and the foot is creamy white with brown lines .
The razor shell lives under the sand , using its powerful foot to dig to a safe depth .
It can easily be confused with the slightly shorter 15 centimetres ( 5.9 in ) and more curved E. ensis ( in which both front and back are curved in parallel ) .
The shell is smooth on the outside and whitish in color , with vertical and horizontal reddish-brown or purplish-brown markings separated by a diagonal line .
The dorsal margin is straight while the ventral margin is curved .
Deflation of the foot then pulls the shell down .
The razor shell also squirts water down into the sand , removing loose sand from its path .
The periostracum is olive-green .
A digging cycle involves the muscular foot ( which takes up a large part of the body ) and the opening and closing of the valve and one end .
Ensis arcuatus prefers coarser sand than its relatives E. ensis and E. siliqua .
The presence of the shell under the sand is revealed by a keyhole-shaped hole in the sand , made by its siphons during suspension feeding for plankton .
The foot is inflated hydraulically , and pushed down into the sand to anchor the animal .
In the razor shell sexual development is highly synchronous : eggs and sperms are shed at the same time .
Ensis , of the family Pharidae , is found on sandy beaches in Northern Europe and Eastern Canada , such as Prince Edward Island .
In winter and spring consecutive spawns take place , interrupted by periods when more eggs and sperm are produced .
Razor shells , also called razor clams , are bivalves with the shape of an old-fashioned cut-throat razor .
The digging has six stages , repeated .
Heinrich Anton de Bary ( 26 January 1831 - 19 January 1888 ) was a German surgeon , botanist , microbiologist , and mycologist ( fungal systematics and physiology ) .
He is considered a founding father of plant pathology ( phytopathology ) as well as the founder of modern mycology .
His extensive and careful studies of the life history of fungi and contribution to the understanding of algae and higher plants were landmarks of biology .
He traced the stages through which they grew and reproduced and the adaptations which enabled them to survive drought and winter .
De Bary studied the formation of lichens , the association between a fungus and an alga .
He carefully studied the morphology of moulds , yeasts , and fungi and he established mycology as an independent science .
He coined the word ` symbiosis ' in 1879 in his monograph as `` the living together of unlike organisms '' .
China Airlines Flight 611 was a scheduled international passenger flight from Taipei to Hong Kong , China .
However , two Cathay Pacific planes nearby received flight 611 's emergency location-indicator signals .
A dyke ( or dike ) in geology is a type of later vertical rock between older layers of rock .
John Adams ( October 30 , 1735 - July 4 , 1826 ) was the second President of the United States ( 1797-1801 ) , and father of the sixth President , John Quincy Adams .
He went to Harvard College .
One of his last acts as president was to make John Marshall the Chief Justice of the United States .
He helped Thomas Jefferson write the United States Declaration of Independence .
During the American Revolutionary War , Adams helped make peace with Great Britain .
It is 277 metres ( 909 ft ) above sea level .
The September 11 , 2001 attacks ( or September 11th , or 9\/11 ) , were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks launched by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda on the United States in New York City and Washington , D.C. .
It is often paired with Ruggero Leoncavallo 's opera Pagliacci to make a full evening .
They also noted that `` The boy 's narration , unnervingly matter-of-fact about the nature of the universe , takes on more power when he reveals that in 11 years , he has never spoken a word . ''
They finished the review saying it `` delivers a suspenseful ride around the world , peppered with some tear-jerking moments .
He imbued Jack Bauer with similar stoicism , but Martin seems less resilient , more distressed . ''
Here 's hoping `` Touch '' continues to reach it . ''
The bar has been set high .
Kiefer Sutherland 's performance has good reviews , with many critics saying `` He plays the part with such a combination of intensity and subtlety that we are drawn deep into Martin 's suffering , and rather than judging him , we feel with him .
Every trial is etched in his face .
The Chicago Sun Times said the show `` operates on the mind-blowing premise that people around the world are linked to one another and their lives intersect - with potentially major repercussions . ''
The New York Post said `` If you ca n't get enough of number sequences and universal cylindrical patterns that constantly repeat , then for sure you 'll repeat the pattern of watching Fox 's new show ... It is intriguing , and it 's great to have Sutherland back on TV '' but felt `` frankly , it 's awfully complicated . ''
It was first aired on Wednesday , January 25 , 2012 as a preview and on Thursday , March 22 , 2012 as a series .
The series was scheduled to begin on Monday , March 19 , 2012 , but was moved to Thursday , March 22 , 2012 , and on Thursday , March 15 , 2012 , a rerun of the first episode was broadcast .
13 episodes have been ordered for the first season by Fox .
The collegiate church offices provided the opportunity for what soon afterwards became the most significant event in Tübingen 's history : the founding of the Eberhard Karls University by Duke Eberhard im Bart of Württemberg in 1477 , thus making it one of the oldest universities in Central Europe .
Between 1470 and 1483 , St. George 's Collegiate Church was built .
A Protestant faculty , Tübinger Stift , was established in 1535 in the former Augustinian monastery .
Tübingen is a traditional university town .
About one in ten people living in Tübingen is a student .
Tübingen is a city in the German state Baden-Württemberg .
Cwichelm ( died circa 636 ) was the King of the Gewisse , although more commonly called the King of Wessex .
In 636 Cwichelm was baptised at Dorchester .
Cadmium sulfate is used to electroplate cadmium on electronic circuits .
It is also used to make cadmium sulfide , a pigment .
These cities were Moji , Tobata , Yahata , Kokura and Wakamatsu .
His colorful personal life often made headlines , most notably for the 1914 fire and murders at his Taliesin studio .
There he joined Phi Delta Theta fraternity , took classes part-time for two semesters , and worked with a professor of civil engineering , Allan D. Conover .
Wright also formed a bond with office foreman Paul Mueller .
As an act of respect , Wright would later refer to Sullivan as Lieber Meister ( German for `` Dear Master '' ) .
The dead included Mamah ; her two children , John and Martha ; a gardener ; a draftsman named Emil Brodelle ; a worker ; and another workman 's son .
Wright also designed many of the interior elements of his buildings , such as the furniture and stained glass .
Wright authored 20 books and many articles and was a popular lecturer in the United States and in Europe .
On August 15 , 1914 , while Wright was working in Chicago , Julian Carlton , a male servant from Barbados who had been hired several months earlier , set fire to the living room of Taliesin and murdered seven people with an axe as the fire burned .
This particular house , built for Allison Harlan , was only blocks away from Sullivan 's townhouse in the Chicago community of Kenwood .
Wright would later engage Mueller to build several of his public and commercial buildings between 1903 and 1923 .
Wright attended a Madison High School , but there is no evidence he ever graduated .
William Wright had met and married Anna Lloyd Jones ( 1838\/39 - 1923 ) , a county school teacher of Welsh descent , the previous year when he was employed as the superintendent of schools for Richland County .
Although William was a distant parent , he shared his love of music , especially the works of Johann Sebastian Bach , with his children .
Already well-known during his lifetime , Wright was recognized in 1991 by the American Institute of Architects as `` the greatest American architect of all time . ''
Wright was a leader of the Prairie School movement of architecture and developed the image of the Usonian home , his one-of-a-kind vision for urban planning in the United States .
Carlton died from starvation seven weeks after the attack , despite medical attention .
In 1902 , the Larkin Company decided to build a new building .
He was admitted to the University of Wisconsin-Madison as a special student in 1886 .
Sullivan knew nothing of Wright 's works until 1893 , when he recognized that one of the houses was a Frank Lloyd Wright design .
In spite of this , `` Sullivan took ( Wright ) under his wing and gave him great design responsibility . ''
He was nearly lynched on the spot , but was taken to the Dodgeville jail .
Frank Lincoln Wright was born in the farming town of Richland Center , Wisconsin , United States , on June 8 , 1867 .
However , when the museum was completed , some of Wright 's design were ignored , such as his desire for the interior to be painted off-white .
Further , the Museum currently designs exhibits to be viewed by walking up the curved walkway without walking down from the top-level .
His father , William Carey Wright ( 1825-1904 ) , was a locally admired speaker , music teacher , sometimes a lawyer , and minister .
Many examples of his work are in Buffalo , New York as a result of friendship between Wright and Darwin D. Martin .
Its one of a kind central geometry was created to allow visitors to easily see Guggenheim 's collection of his paintings by taking an elevator to the top-level and then viewing artworks by walking down the slowly descending , central spiral ramp , the floor of which is lodged with circular shapes and triangular light bulbs to complement the geometric nature of the building .
Wright came to Buffalo and designed not only the Larkin Administration Building ( completed in 1904 , demolished in 1950 ) , but also homes for three of the company 's executives including the Darwin D. Martin House in 1904 .
Wright believed in designing structures which were in peace with humanity and its environment .
Afterwards many other draftsmen showed very little respect for his employees as well .
As Wright began to work on residential projects for Adler & Sullivan .
Afterwards , The Wright Family struggled financially in Weymouth and returned to Spring Green , Wisconsin .
Wright did not get along well with other draftsmen .
He used this technique for his design for Fallingwater ( 1935 ) , which has been called `` the best all-time work of American architecture '' .
See also : Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City .
Its interior is similar to the inside of a seashell .
Frank Lloyd Wright ( Frank Lincoln Wright ; June 8 , 1867 - April 9 , 1959 ) was a famous American architect from the early 20th century .
One of them helped to put out the fire that almost completely burned the residential wing of the house .
Wright designed his houses on his own time .
See also : Robie House One famous house was called the Robie House .
His work includes original and creative examples of many building types .
Edward and Eleanor returned to England and were crowned together on 19 August 1274 .
Several of her relatives came to England soon after her marriage .
Eleanor of Castile ( 1241 - 28 November 1290 ) was the queen of Edward I of England .
In 1270 Edward and Eleanor left to join his uncle Louis IX of France on the Eighth Crusade .
Edward and Eleanor married at the monastery of Las Huelgas , Burgos on 1 November 1254 .
They left Palestine in September 1272 .
She was also Countess of Ponthieu from 1279 until her death in 1290 .
Then the couple went on to Acre in Palestine .
In the 1260s , the Second Barons ' War started between Henry III and his barons .
Edward was captured at Lewes and imprisoned .
Division I is the highest level of college sports in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) in the United States .
Its schools generally have the biggest budgets , the best facilities , and offer more their students more athletic scholarships than Divisions II and III .
It is said that smugglers who landed on the beach in the middle of the night could judge `` exactly where they were '' by the size of the shingle .
Westwards the shingle forms a straight line along the coast , enclosing the Fleet , a shallow tidal lagoon .
At the eastern end of the beach at the village of Chiswell , against the cliffs of the Isle of Portland , the beach curves round sharply to form Chesil Cove .
The beach and the Fleet are part of the Jurassic Coast , a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and the location for a book , On Chesil Beach by Ian McEwan .
Its name is derived from the Old English ceosel or cisel , meaning `` gravel '' or `` shingle '' .
This part of the beach protects the low-lying village from flooding .
p99 The beach provides shelter from the prevailing winds ( from the west ) and waves for the town of Weymouth and the village of Chiswell , which would otherwise probably not exist Varying with the Bank 's unbroken increase in height , to 14.7 metres ( 48 ft ) , above mean high water , the size of the flint and chert shingle varies from pea-sized at the north-west end ( by West Bay ) to orange-sized at the south-east end ( by Portland ) .
Chesil Beach , sometimes called Chesil Bank , in Dorset , southern England is one of three major shingle structures in Britain .
In 1470 , with Foligno , Trevi became the fourth town in Italy to have a printing press , managed by the first known printing company .
`` Treviae '' is also listed in the 5th‑century Bordeaux Itinerary .
The frazioni of Trevi ( the smaller towns that belong to Trevi ) are Borgo , Bovara , Cannaiola , Coste , Pigge , Manciano , Matigge , Parrano , Picciche , S. Lorenzo , S. Maria in Valle .
In 1438 Trevi became part of the lands belonging to the Church as part of the `` legation '' of Perugia : after that Trevi 's history was as part of the States of the Church , then ( 1860 ) of the united Kingdom of Italy .
The Museo della Civiltà dell ' Olivo demonstrates the local olive culture : how they are planted , how they grow , and how they are made into oil .
In Roman times , Pliny the Elder said Trevi was a city of the old Umbrians , and an old stone with Umbrian writing was found in the comune , at Bovara , in the 1950s .
Trevi has about twenty old churches , some of which are interesting : The country area around the town has many Romanesque churches : some of those on the plain were built on the Roman Via Flaminia and indicate the road 's former route .
Trevi was at its most prosperous in the 15th century : the town was so important for those who wanted to buy and sell that people called it `` il porto secco '' - the dry port .
Confucius ( born 551 BC , died 478 BC ) was an important Chinese educator and philosopher .
The vacuoles are extremely small .
The cell wall is a very thin primary cell wall .
Specifically , an active apical meristem lays down a growing root or shoot behind itself , pushing itself forward .
Meristematic cells are packed closely together without intercellular cavities .
The cells are small and protoplasm fills the cell completely .
Apical meristems are very small , compared to the cylinder-shaped lateral meristems .
It begins growth of new cells in young seedlings at the tips of roots and shoots ( forming buds , among other things ) .
Plant cells which are ( differentiated ) generally can not divide or produce cells of a different type .
There are two types of secondary meristems :
The apical meristem , or growing tip , is found in the buds and growing tips of roots in plants .
They are incompletely or not at all differentiated , and are capable of continued cell division .
The cytoplasm does not contain plastids ( such as chloroplasts , but they are there in rudimentary form ( ` proplastids ' ) .
Meristematic cells have the same function for plants as stem cells have for animals .
They are in parts of the plant where growth can take place .
Apical meristems may differentiate into three kinds of primary meristem : These meristems are responsible for primary growth , or an increase in length or height .
In February 1942 , President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 .
On December 7 , 1941 , Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in Hawaii and declared war on the United States .
Many of those who were sent to internment camps had been born in the United States .
In comparison to earlier proboscids , Gomphotherium had fewer molars ; the remaining ones had high ridges to expand their grinding surface .
These animals probably lived in swamps or near lakes , using their tusks to dig or scrape up aquatic vegetation .
It survived into the Pliocene , and its remains have been found in Chile , France , Germany , Austria , Kansas , Tennessee , Pakistan , Kenya and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Compared to elephants , the skull was more elongated and low , indicating that the animal had a short trunk , rather like a tapir 's .
Unlike modern elephants , the upper tusks were covered by a layer of enamel .
Gomphotherium lived in dry wooded regions near lakes .
Gomphotherium stood around 3 metres ( 9.8 ft ) high with an estimated weight of 4-5 tons , and looked similar to a modern elephant .
However , it had four tusks ; two on the upper jaw and two on the long lower jaw .
The lower tusks are parallel and shaped like a shovel .
They spread to Asia , Europe and Africa after a drop in sea level allowed them to cross over .
There are two different types of Siamese Cat , the Traditional or Thai Siamese , and the Modern Siamese .
Lymph ends up back in the blood system .
On its way back to the blood system , the lymph passes through glands called lymph nodes , in places like the back of the neck , the armpits and the groin .
Later , the bulge was confirmed on plates dating back to April 29 , 1965 .
This happens when the Pluto-Charon orbital plane is edge-on as seen from Earth , which only happens at twice in Pluto 's 248-year orbital period .
Any final doubts were erased when Pluto and Charon entered a five-year period of mutual eclipses between 1985 and 1990 .
Pictures showing Pluto and Charon as separate disks were taken for the first time by the Hubble Space Telescope in the 1990s .
Later observations of Pluto were able to figure out that the bulge was due to a smaller body .
Charon is a moon of the dwarf planet Pluto .
The orbit of the bulge fit in with Pluto 's rotation period , which was already known from Pluto 's light curve .
Later , after a new technology called adaptive optics was discovered , it was possible to see Pluto and Charon as separate disks using ground-based telescopes .
It was very lucky that one of these intervals happened to occur so soon after Charon 's discovery .
Soon after the birth of Leonhard , the Eulers moved from Basel to the town of Riehen , where Euler spent most of his childhood .
At this time , he was receiving Saturday afternoon lessons from Johann Bernoulli , who quickly discovered his new pupil 's incredible talent for mathematics .
He had two younger sisters named Anna-Maria and Maria Magdalena .
Euler is considered to be the most important mathematician of the 18th century , one of the greatest mathematicians of all time , and one of the mathematicians who wrote the most .
He is also known for his work in mechanics , optics , and astronomy .
Euler 's started school in Basel , where he was sent to live with his grandmother .
Euler made important discoveries in fields like calculus and topology .
His collected works fill 60-80 volumes .
In 1723 , he received his Master of Philosophy .
He spent most of his life in Russia and Germany .
Another mathematician , Pierre-Simon Laplace said , `` Read Euler , read Euler , he is a master for us all '' .
He came up with the idea of a mathematical function .
The Division of Gellibrand is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria .
It includes Footscray , Maidstone , Newport , Altona and Williamstown .
Nicola Roxon was a Cabinet minister in the first Rudd Government and the Gillard Government .
Created in 1949 , it is named after Joseph Gellibrand , a lawyer and explorer .
Famous members have included Ralph Willis , a Cabinet minister in the Hawke and Keating Governments .
Pius XII named forty-two new cardinals .
He worked at the Office of the Congregation of Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs .
It corresponded approximately to the combined regions of the present-day Indian states of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand .
It came into existence on 1 April 1937 as a result of the shortening of `` United Provinces '' .
The United Provinces was a Province of Presidencies and provinces of British India and , subsequently , Independent India .
He tried to treat his class in a friendly way , which puzzled and offended them . ''
After getting his degree Mallory stayed in Cambridge for a year writing an essay he later published as Boswell the Biographer ( 1912 ) .
Graves recalled : `` He ( Mallory ) was wasted ( as a teacher ) at Charterhouse .
In December 1915 Mallory joined the Royal Garrison Artillery as 2nd lieutenant and in 1916 participated in the shelling of the Somme , under the command of Major Gwilym Lloyd George , who was son of then Prime Minister David Lloyd George .
At the age of 13 , he won a scholarship to Winchester College .
There , he became good friends with several members of the Bloomsbury Group including James Strachey , Lytton Strachey , Rupert Brooke , John Maynard Keynes , and Duncan Grant , who painted many portraits of Mallory .
George had two sisters - one older , one younger - and a younger brother called Trafford-Leigh Mallory , the World War II Royal Air Force commander .
George Herbert Leigh Mallory ( June 18 , 1886 - June 8\/June 9 1924 ) was a British mountaineer who took part in three expeditions to Mount Everest in the early 1920 's .
In 1910 he began teaching at Charterhouse School , Godalming , Surrey , where he met the poet Robert Graves , then a pupil ; in his autobiography , Goodbye to All That , Graves remembered Mallory , who acted as best man at Robert Graves ' wedding in 1918 , fondly both for his encouragement of Grave 's interest in literature in poetry and his instruction in climbing .
After the war he returned to Charterhouse , resigning in 1921 to take part in the first Everest expedition .
Mallory was born in Mobberly , Cheshire , the son of Herbert Leigh Mallory ( 1846 - 1943 ) , a clergyman who changed his name to Leigh-Mallory in 1914 .
Mallory 's fate was unknown for 75 years until his body was discovered in 1999 .
George Mallory was famous for replying to the question `` Why do you want to climb Mount Everest ? ''
In 1896 , Mallory went to Glengorse , a boarding school in Eastbourne on the south coast of England , having already transferred from a school in West Kirby .
In his second - to - last year at Winchester , he was introduced to rock climbing and mountaineering by a master , R.L.G Irving , who took a small number of pupils climbing in the Alps every year .
with the reply : `` Because it 's there '' , which has been described as `` the most famous three words in the history of mountaineering '' .
George and Ruth had two daughters and a son : Clare , born 1915 ; Beridge , known as ` Berry ' ( 1917 ) ; and John ( 1920 ) .
Mallory was a keen oarsman and rowed in his college `` eight '' , but he did not ( as has been written elsewhere ) row for Cambridge in the annual Oxford & Cambridge Boat Race .
While at Charterhouse he met his wife , Ruth Turner , a taxi driver who lived in Goldalming , and they were married in 1914 , just six days before Britain and Germany went to war .
Mallory and his climbing partner Andrew Irvine both disappeared somewhere high on the North - East Ridge in an attempt to get to the top .
In October 1905 , Mallory entered Magdalane College , Cambridge to study history .
He played for the Oxford University Ice Hockey Club while on a scholarship at Oxford University .
As Prime Minister , Pearson 's government created universal health care and the Canada Pension Plan .
Pearson signed the Canada-United States Automotive Agreement , also called the Auto Pact .
Lester Bowles `` Mike '' Pearson , PC , OM , CC , OBE ( April 23 , 1897 - December 27 , 1972 ) was the 14th Prime Minister of Canada from 1963 to 1968 .
Pearson entered politics in 1948 , as Minister of External Affairs in the Liberal government of Louis St. Laurent .
Pearson was born in Newtonbrook , Ontario , the son of Edwin Arthur Pearson , a Methodist minister and Anne Sarah Bowles .
They are : Condors are part of the family Cathartidae , whereas the 15 species of Old World vultures are in the family Accipitridae , that also includes falcons , hawks , and eagles .
They are the largest flying land birds in the Western Hemisphere .
The New World and Old World vultures evolved from different ancestors .
An ancient relative of the condor , Argentavis magnificens from South America , may have been the largest flying bird ever with a wingspan of 7 metres ( 23 ft ) .
California Condors or their ancestors once lived on the west coast of North America as well as all the way to the eastern coast .
Condor is the name for two species of New World vultures .
Arsène Lupin is a fictional character who appears in a book series of crime fiction novels written by French writer Maurice Leblanc , as well as a number of sequels and movie , television , stage play and comic book adaptations .
There are hints of romance between Hercules and Kora , although their friendship keeps it all innocent .
The storyline follows Hercules ( Ryan Gosling ) as he attends Cheiron 's Academy to train in the arts of the warrior under the wise headmaster Cheiron the Centaur ( Nathaniel Lees ) .
Among his group is his nephew Strife ( Joel Tobeck ) , who is the rather weaker member of the team .
Hercules also meets the academy 's first female cadet , Lilith ( Jodie Rimmer ) .
As the series develops , Kora is revealed to have special powers which allow her to do Artemis ' bidding .
The show features the efforts of Ares , the god of war , played by Kevin Smith , who attempts often to destroy his younger half-brother to win over Zeus ' good graces .
Strife 's partner is Discord , goddess of retribution ( Meighan Desmond ) , who acts more level-headed and power hungry than her counterpart on more than one occasion .
It was aired on FOX Kids Network from September 12 , 1998 to May 12 , 1999 .
Other characters of interest include Kora , the Inn Keeper , who unknown to Hercules and his friends , is a devotee of Artemis , Goddess of the Hunt .
Ian Bohen was offered the part , but opted not to spend an entire year in New Zealand where the series would shoot principal photography .
He makes friends with the future king of Corinth , the prince Jason ( Chris Conrad ) and a thieving former member of a bandit group Iolaus ( Dean O'Gorman ) who was sentenced to the training academy as an alternative to prison for his crimes .
Young Hercules is a spin-off from Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
It lasted only one season with 50 episodes , and starred Ryan Gosling , replacing Ian Bohen from the pilot movie as the title character .
According to a 2013 research , it is the most popular female idol group in Japan .
This abnormality caused the strokes that Vergeer experienced .
The doctors also found that Vergeer had an Vascular myelopathy .
She was part of the team which won the European Championships in 1997 .
Vergeer is also a former wheelchair basketball player .
Esther Mary Vergeer is a Dutch wheelchair tennis player .
On the 15 of January 1990 , after a nine-hour operation Vergeer was unable to move her legs .
Vergeer had one final operation in March but still could not move her legs .
She has won 39 Grand Slam titles , five Paralympic Gold Medals and 21 Masters titles .
Vergeer was just six years old at the time .
It is enclosed in and protected by the bony vertebral column .
He made the acquaintance of several terminally ill children , some of whom died during his stay .
It would take another four years until his parents allowed him to quit .
Gackt 's musical education began at age three , when his parents initiated his classical piano education , of which he grew tired four years later .
His father and mother were music teachers who played various instruments with his father primarily playing the trumpet .
Gackt was born in Okinawa , Japan on 4 July .
According to his autobiography , he was a mischievous child and enjoyed taking risks ; at age seven he nearly drowned while swimming off the coast of Okinawa .
At the age of ten , Gackt was hospitalized with a gastrointestinal tract and had to remain at the hospital for a prolonged time .
Gackt Camui ( 神威 楽斗 Kamui Gakuto ) is a Japanese musician , songwriter and actor .
After that , the ACF held the first Grand Prix motor racing event at the Circuit de la Sarthe , in Le Mans .
The races were between national teams .
Great Britain had to choose a different color to red , white or blue ( the colors of the flag ) because they had been taken by Italy , Germany and France .
The Gordon Bennett Cup for auto racing was set up by James Gordon Bennett , Jr. .
In 1900 , the Automobile Club de France ( ACF ) was given the trophy ( prize ) .
This became known as the British racing green .
The rules were that the races were done in the country of the winner of the year before .
The Art Centre is home to many facilities including the Gold Coast City Art Gallery .
The Gold Coast Art Centre is a place on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
The head channel where Padilla and Hecox post new skits every Friday .
Given the long orbit that TNOs have around the sun , Huya comes to opposition in early May of each year at an apparent magnitude of 19.3 .
It was found using data collected by at the CIDA Observatory in Venezuela .
It was found in March 2000 by Ignacio Ferrin and announced on 24 October 2000 .
The object has a red-sloped reflectance spectrum , saying that the surface could be rich in organic material such as tholins .
It was given the name Huya , after Juyá , the Wayuu rain god , in August 2003 by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) .
38628 Huya , previously known by its provisional designation 2000 EB173 ) is a trans-Neptunian object ( TNO ) .
At the time when it was found , Huya was the biggest and brightest TNO yet found .
It also appears that Ambrosius was a Christian : Gildas says that he won his battles `` with God 's help '' .
We know from Gildas that he was of high birth , and had Roman ancestry ; he was presumably a Romano-Briton , rather than a Roman from elsewhere in the empire , though it is impossible to be sure .
Following the destructive assault of the Saxons , the survivors gather together under the leadership of Ambrosius , who is described as : '' ... a gentleman who , perhaps alone of the Romans , had survived the shock of this notable storm .
His descendants in our day have become greatly inferior to their grandfather 's ( avita ) excellence . ''
However , this victory was not decisive : `` Sometimes the Saxons and sometimes the citizens ( meaning the Romano-British inhabitants ) were victorious . ''
According to Gildas , Ambrosius organised the survivors into an armed force and achieved the first military victory over the Saxon invaders .
Certainly his parents , who had worn the purple , were slain by it .
Ambrosius Aurelianus is one of the few people that Gildas ( a sixth century historian who lived in South-west Britain and wrote `` De Excidio Britanniae '' , which focused largely on the history of Christian Britain ) identifies by name in his sermon De Excidio et Conquestu Britanniae , and the only one named from the 5th century .
He also appeared independently in the legends of the Britons , beginning with the 9th-century `` Historia Brittonum '' , written by Nennius .
In 1989 the band released their first album The Stone Roses .
The Stone Roses are an English rock band .
In 2013 a documentary called The Stone Roses : Made of Stone was released .
In the United States , there is no federal law stating a required age to be tattooed .
Most such tattooists will allow a parent or guardian to give written or oral consent in person .
When a person reaches the age of 18 in the U.S. , they are legally considered an adult .
The artist may also choose to place addition restrictions , such as refusing any clients under a specific age even with parental consent , or limiting the type and\/or location of where they are willing to tattoo a minor ( such as refusing any work around intimate parts of the body ) .
Individual tattooists may choose to set age restrictions for their business as a precaution against lawsuits .
Many states require that the person being tattooed is an adult over 18 , but some states do allow people under that age to be tattooed with parental consent .
Minor must have parental consent .
Must be 18 .
In lateral approximants , only the center of the tongue touches the roof of the mouth .
Beginning in 2006 , Chinese-language films from Taiwan and Hong Kong are also eligible for awards .
The People 's Hundred Flower Award ( Chinese : 大众电影百花奖 ; pinyin : Dàzhòng Diànyǐng Bǎihuā Jiǎng ) or Hundred Flowers Awards are awards in film in China .
The last scimitar cat could have survived in North America until 10,000 years ago .
In Eurasia it survived until about 30,000 years ago .
It first became extinct in Africa some 1.5 million years ago .
In South America it is only known from a few remains in the northern ( Venezuela ) , in the mid-Pleistocene .
Homotherium is an extinct genus of machairodontine saber-toothed cats .
In March 2011 Koppman and Litz leave the Band and was replaced by Tapsig and Butcher .
xCrosscheckx was formed by vocalist Kalle in 2002 .
Since the band started they played a lot of shows with famous bands like Real McKenzies , Dritte Wahl or SS-Kaliert .
In October \/ November 2008 xCrosscheckx played a 2 weeks tour in south-east Asia .
xCrosscheckx is a straight edge hardcore band from Germany .
In October 2007 Marcia left the band and was substituted through Benjamin .
The other members are Koppman on drums , Marcia on bass and Litz on guitar .
This line-up existed since forming the band till October 2007 consistently .
The band plays all the time uncompromising old school hardcore like Slapshot or 7 Seconds .
The Governess sings about her wonderful position at the house and the beautiful children she has in her care .
As Flora plays on the shore with her doll , the Governess suddenly sees a strange woman across the lake who seems to be watching Flora .
The Governess and Mrs. Grose arrive as the children are about to be possessed , and the spirits depart .
They argue about who harmed whom first when they were alive , and accuse one another of not acting quickly enough to possess the children .
That night , Miles and Flora slip out into the woods to meet Miss Jessel and Peter Quint .
The next morning , the family goes to church .
In her room , the Governess worries about the evil she feels in the house .
Later that day , the Governess sits by the side of a lake with Flora .
The ghosts of Peter Quint and Miss Jessel reappear .
When the man disappears , she becomes frightened and wonders if she has seen a ghost .
The housekeeper tells the Governess about Peter Quint , who used to be a servant at Bly House .
The Governess hurries Flora home to safety .
Miles sings a song about how he has been a bad boy .
The children fantasize about a world where dreams come true .
Shortly after that Quint died a mysterious death on an icy road near Bly House .
When the Governess arrives at Bly House she is greeted by the housekeeper , Mrs. Grose , and the children who ( bow and curtsey ) .
Its first performance in Britain took place a month later on 6 October 1954 at Sadler 's Wells Opera in London .
She writes to the children 's uncles saying that she must see him .
Suddenly , she sees a pale-faced man sitting on a tower of the house .
The next morning , the Governess is teaching Miles Latin when he goes into a trance-like state and sings a song which shows that Quint had abused him .
He tells us about a young governess he once knew who looked after two children at Bly House .
Mrs Grose takes her home .
The children sing a song which sounds like a song praising God .
It was first performed on 14 September , 1954 , at the Teatro La Fenice , Venice .
Flora names the seas of the world , finishing with the Dead Sea .
It is the ghost of Miss Jessel , who has returned to get Flora .
But then she is comforted when she hears the children singing the nursery rhyme `` Tom , Tom , the Piper 's Son '' .
The uncle , who lived in London , was far too busy to care for them , and he hired a governess for them .
Mrs. Grose suggests that Quint had a sexual relationship with Miss Jessell , and that they both had sexual relations with the children .
The libretto ( the words of the opera ) were written by Myfanwy Piper .
But at night she hears strange footsteps and a cry outside her door .
A letter from his school arrives saying that he has been expelled because he had been threatening other children .
The Governess is sure that Miles , like his sister Flora , is too kind and innocent to have done such terrible things .
Mrs Grose tells the Governess that her letter to the uncle must have been stolen .
Gifted education is handled separately .
Schools provide special education services to special students .
Special needs include speech or hearing difficulties , emotional and behavioral disorders , physical disabilities , and developmental disorders .
The Kingdom of Sophene ( Armenian : Ծոփքի Թագավորութուն ) was an ancient Armenian kingdom .
Found sometime around the 3rd century B.C. the kingdom stayed independent until 90 's B.C. when Tigranes the great conquered these territories as part of his empire .
The term is generally used for the period from the end of the First World War to the beginning of the Great Depression .
Ernest Hemingway then used the term in the introduction to his novel The Sun Also Rises .
John Harlan Willis ( June 10 , 1921 - February 28 , 1945 ) was a United States Navy sailor .
The words of Willis ' citation explain : John Willis is the namesake of the destroyer escort ship USS John Willis ( DE-1027 ) which was named in his honor .
Céline Marie Claudette Dion , ChLD ( French pronunciation : ( selin djɔ̃ ) ( listen ) ; born March 30 , 1968 ) is a Canadian singer .
She won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest where she represented Switzerland .
She used to live in Las Vegas , Nevada .
French-language studio albums English-language studio albums
Historian of psychology Mark Altschule concluded , `` It is difficult-or perhaps impossible-to find a nineteenth-century psychologist or psychiatrist who did not recognize unconscious thought as not only real but of the highest importance '' .
The unconscious mind is a term coined by the 18th century German romantic philosopher Friedrich Schelling and later introduced into English by the poet and essayist Samuel Taylor Coleridge .
The unconscious mind plays a large role in Sigmund Freud 's psychoanalysis .
His almost thirty-year presidency made him Egypt 's longest-serving ruler since Muhammad Ali Pasha .
On 2 June 2012 , Mubarak was sentenced to life imprisonment for ordering the shooting of protesters in the revolution that ousted him .
The Mystery of Edwin Drood is the last novel of Charles Dickens .
On Christmas Eve , Neville buys a stick for walking .
Deputy does n't ever go near there because he is afraid Jasper will choke ( grab his neck ) him again .
She meets Mr. Datchery , who tells her Jasper 's name .
A new character called Dick Datchery comes to Cloisterham .
Half a year later Neville is living in London .
The next day , Edwin finds Rosa in a nun 's house which is a school .
She goes to the service and shakes her fist ( a sign of anger and hate ) at Jasper .
They want ask Mr. Grewgious to tell Jasper this .
We see that Jasper is visiting the place where lots of people smoke opium in London .
Helena goes to live with Rosa in the nuns ' house , and Neville is taught by a reverend named Crisparkle .
Soju is a distilled drink .
Soju literally means `` burned liquor '' .
The genus name is also used as the common name .
Section Jacaranda ( which includes Blue Jacarandas ) has 18 species .
Jacaranda is a genus of 49 species of flowering plants in the family Bignoniaceae .
Section Dilobos , which is thought to be the oldest form , has 31 species .
The kind of wood in the two sections is also different .
Gichin Funakoshi ( 船越 義珍 , Funakoshi Gichin ?
, 10 November 1868-26 April 1957 ) was the founder of Shotokan , which is the most widely known school or style of karate .
Many of his works can be found in Deutsches Historisches Museum , Akademie der Künste and the German Federal Archive .
For the social democratic newspaper Dresdner Volkszeitung he designed the masthead .
The German national picture archive of arts at the University of Marburg documents 34 of his posters from that time .
Friedrich Kurt Fiedler ( 8 March 1894 - 11 November 1950 ) was a German graphic designer .
Fiedler counts today as one of the leading poster artists of post-war East Germany .
Kurt Fiedler was born in the little village Eichbusch near Dresden as a son of a carpenter .
During World War I Fiedler served as front-line soldier in France .
Among his best known pieces of that period is Junkerland in Bauernhand , a movie poster designed for the DEFA .
From 1911 to 1915 Fiedler got a grant to study as master scholar of Richard Guhr and Josef Goller .
On occasion of the World Advertising Congress 1929 in Berlin , Fiedler was awarded for his poster design .
After 1930 Fiedler became known for some of his drawings , especially of children .
Together with the later known painter Hermann Glöckner he attended around 1910 the evening classes of the Kunstgewerbeschule Dresden .
During the Weimar Republic he became known for his book and poster designs .
The home of Kurt Fiedler was completely destroyed during Bombing of Dresden in World War II on 13 February 1945 .
Until the end of Nazi Germany he earned his money with technical drawings at the Dresden University of Technology .
During World War II Kurt Fiedler served as translator for French prisoners of war .
The oriental plane is found naturally in riverine settings , together with such trees as alder , willow and poplar .
Some accounts extend its native range to Iberia in the west , and to the Himalayas in the east .
However , it is quite capable of survival and success in dry soils once it is established .
Platanus orientalis , the Oriental plane , is a large , deciduous tree of the Platanaceae family .
The native range of the Oriental plane is Eurasia from the Balkans to as far east as at least Iran .
Following Greek usage it is called Platane or related names in Europe .
Such rices have the ability to absorb liquids and to release starch and so they are stickier than the long grain varieties .
There are many different risotto recipes with different ingredients , but they are all based on rice of an appropriate variety cooked in a standard procedure .
They have slightly different properties .
Many variations have their own names :
Rice designations of Superfino , Semifino and Fino refer to the size and shape ( specifically the length and the narrowness ) of the grains , and not the quality .
When it has evaporated , the heat is raised to medium high and very hot stock is gradually added in small amounts while stirring gently , almost constantly : stirring loosens the starch molecules from the outside of the rice grains into the surrounding liquid , creating a smooth creamy-textured liquid .
It is one of the most common ways of cooking rice in Italy .
Other varieties like Roma , Baldo , Ribe and Originario may be used but will not have the creaminess of the traditional dish .
These varieties are considered better for soups and other non-risotto rice dishes and for making sweet rice desserts .
For example , Carnaroli is less likely than Vialone Nano to get overcooked , but the latter , being smaller , cooks faster and absorbs condiments better .
Properly cooked risotto is rich and creamy but still with some resistance or bite : al dente , and with separate grains .
The principal varieties used in Italy are Arborio , Baldo , Carnaroli , Maratelli , Padano , Roma , and Vialone Nano .
It must be eaten at once as it continues to cook in its own heat and can become too dry with the grains too soft .
It is served on flat dishes and it should easily spread out but not have excess watery liquid around the perimeter .
It may be removed from the heat a few minutes earlier , and left to cook with its residual heat .
The traditional texture is fairly fluid , or all ` onda ( `` wavy , or flowing in waves '' ) .
The rice is first cooked briefly in a soffritto of onion and butter or olive oil to coat each grain in a film of fat , this is called tostatura ; white or red wine is added and has to be absorbed by the grains .
There is even , exceptionally , an Italian strawberry risotto .
Risotto can be made using many kinds of vegetable , meat , fish , seafood and legumes , and different types of wine and cheese may be used .
A high-starch ( amylopectin ) , low-amylose round medium - or short-grain rice is usually used to make risotto .
The broth may be meat - , fish - , or vegetable-based .
Many types of risotto contain Parmesan cheese , butter , and onion .
Risotto is normally a primo ( first course ) , served on its own before the main course , but risotto alla milanese is often served together with ossobuco alla milanese .
At that point it is taken off the heat for the mantecatura when diced cold butter and finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese are vigorously stirred in to make the texture as creamy and smooth as possible .
Carnaroli , Maratelli and Vialone Nano are considered to be the best ( and most expensive ) varieties , with different users preferring one over the other .
Risotto is a class of Italian rice dishes cooked in broth to a creamy consistency .
The position of the hymenium is traditionally the first characteristic used in the classification and identification of different mushrooms .
The hymenium is the layer of tissue on the hymenophore of a fungal fruiting body , where cells develop into basidia or asci .
Below are some examples of the diverse types which exist amongst the macroscopic Basidiomycota and Ascomycota phyla .
A line segment is part of a line .
Marissa Rachael Nadler ( born April 5 , 1981 ) is an American folk singer .
In 2007 Peacefrog Records released Nadler 's third album Songs III : Bird on the Water .
Nadler 's first album Ballads of Living and Dying was released on Eclipse Records in 2004 .
In 2009 , Kemado Records released Little Hells .
In 2005 her second album The Saga of Mayflower May was released .
Her Metropolitan Opera debut in New York took place on November 14 , 1959 , as Violetta in La traviata , a part that quickly became her signature role .
She made her operatic debut in Spoleto , Italy , in 1955 , as Norina in Donizetti 's Don Pasquale .
Moffo died in New York City of a stroke after a decade long battle with breast cancer at the age of 73 .
She pursued a successful international career as well , singing in Monte Carlo , London , Berlin , Stockholm , Mexico City , Buenos Aires , etc. .
Her career was cut short by vocal problems in the mid 1970s but she remained active in the opera world as a board member of the Metropolitan Opera Guild and by hosting galas and giving occasional masterclasses .
Anna Moffo ( June 27 , 1932 - March 9 , 2006 ) was an Italian American operatic soprano particularly associated with lyric-coloratura roles in Italian and French operas , she was admired as much for her vocal gifts as her great beauty and affecting stage presence .
Born in Wayne , Pennsylvania , to Italian parents , she first studied at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia , with Eufemia Giannini-Gregory , and later at the Accademia di Santa Cecilia in Rome , Italy , with Mercedes Llopart and Luigi Ricci .
Amy Meredith Poehler ( \/ ˈpoʊlər \/ ; born September 16 , 1971 ) is an American actress , comedian , voice artist , producer and writer .
Her father is of German , Irish , Portuguese , and English ancestry .
Poehler was raised in the Catholic faith .
She graduated from Burlington High School in 1989 .
Her parents are high school teachers Eileen Frances ( nee Milmore ) and William Grinstead Poehler .
She was a cast member of the television program Saturday Night Live between 2001 and 2008 .
He launched the Dong-A Ilbo in 1920 and took charge of Boseong College ( 보성전문학교 ; 普成專門學校 ) , the predecessor of the present Korea University .
Galileo used this system in his notebooks but never actually published it .
On January 7 , 1610 , Galileo wrote a letter containing the first mention of Jupiter 's moons .
In these observations , he found a fourth body , and also observed that the four were not fixed stars , but rather were orbiting Jupiter .
Galileo 's Sidereus Nuncius ( Starry Messenger ) , which announced celestial observations through his telescope , does not mention Copernican heliocentrism , a theory that placed the Sun at the center of the universe .
At the time , he only saw three of them , and he believed them to be fixed stars near Jupiter .
The discovery was announced in the Sidereus Nuncius ( ` Starry Messenger ' ) , published in Venice in March 1610 , less than two months after the first observations .
Galileo refused to use Marius 's names and invented the numbering scheme that is still used nowadays , in parallel with proper moon names .
Nevertheless , Galileo believed in the Copernican theory .
Galileo Galilei found what came to be known as the Galilean moons around December 1609 or January 1610 .
At the grand-duke 's suggestion , Galileo changed the name to Medicea Sidera ( ` the Medici stars ' ) , honoring all four Medici brothers ( Cosimo , Francesco , Carlo , and Lorenzo ) .
Galileo also developed a method of determining longitude based on the timing of the orbits of the Galilean moons .
More importantly , the discovery of celestial bodies orbiting something other than the Earth dealt a blow to the then-accepted Ptolemaic world system .
Marius claimed to have found the moons at the same time as Galileo : he named them after lovers of the god Zeus ( the Greek equivalent of Jupiter ) : Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto , in his Mundus Jovialis , published in 1614 .
The numbers run from Jupiter outward , thus I , II , III and IV for Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto respectively .
Galileo 's discovery proved the importance of the telescope as a tool for astronomers .
Galileo called his discovery the Cosmica Sidera ( ` Cosimo 's stars ' ) , in honor of Cosimo II de ' Medici ( 1590-1621 ) , grand-duke of Tuscany , whose patronage he wanted .
The Galilean moons are the four satellites of Jupiter found by Galileo Galilei : Io , Europa , Ganymede , and Callisto .
As a result of improvements he made to the telescope , Galileo was able to see celestial bodies better than ever before in human history .
It showed there were objects in space to be found , which were not seen by the naked eye .
A Chinese historian of astronomy claims that Chinese astronomer Gan De observed one of Jupiter 's moons in 362 BC , but without a telescope it is difficult to see how this was done .
They are by far the biggest of the many moons of Jupiter .
She was born in Tuscumbia , Alabama in 1880 .
She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelors of Arts degree .
Helen Keller was an American writer and speaker .
Helen Keller died in her sleep on June 1 , 1968 , at Arcan Ridge in Connecticut .
Some people say that it was scarlet fever or meningitis .
In the end they said `` Red Dead Redemption is a must-play game .
It is a spiritual successor to 2004 's Red Dead Revolver .
Red Dead Redemption makes use of an honesty system .
This works along with another system , ` fame , ' showing and governing how people react based on Marston 's honor status .
Red Dead Redemption gives the player a big and open world environment .
Red Dead Redemption is an action-adventure western video game made by Rockstar San Diego .
Croatian author Fisković claims that `` Orsini '' , as his family name , was never used by the artist and it was adopted by his son , after the death of his father .
Machu Picchu was declared a Peruvian Historical Sanctuary in 1981 and a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 .
In 2007 , Machu Picchu was voted one of the New Seven Wonders of the World in a worldwide Internet poll .
Looptroop Rockers is a reggae , hiphop and electro band from Västerås , Sweden , they sing in both English and Swedish but mostly English .
It was produced by Jermaine Dupri , The Runners , Ester Dean , Polow da Don , RedOne , Jim Jonsin , Danja , Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis , Bangladesh , and Tricky Stewart .
It won a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Album and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance .
Raymond v. Raymond is the sixth studio album by American singer Usher .
Usher went on his OMG Tour in 2011 to promote the album worldwide .
These include the hit single `` Hey Daddy ( Daddy 's Home ) '' , `` Lil Freak '' , `` There Goes My Baby '' , `` OMG '' , and `` More '' .
It sold 329,000 copies the first week .
It was released on March 26 , 2010 .
It sold over 1,000,000 copies in the United States .
Scoutcraft is a form of woodcraft skills used in the woods and the `` backcountry . ''
John Winston Ono Lennon ( 9 October 1940 - 8 December 1980 ) was an English musician , singer and songwriter .
The foreskin is attached to the penis by the frenulum , but it can move .
The foreskin is a fold of skin that covers the glans penis .
The outside of the foreskin is like normal skin but the inside of the foreskin is a membrane like the inside of an eyelid or mouth .
Instead they set up an Irish parliament , called Dáil Éireann , in Dublin .
The same year , he joined the Gaelic League , becoming a member of the governing body in 1910 and General Secretary in 1915 .
During the Irish Civil War , O'Kelly was in jail until December 1923 .
He was a member of Dáil Éireann from 1918 until his election as President .
Afterwards he spent the next two years as a Sinn Féin envoy to the United States .
Seán Thomas O'Kelly ( Irish : Seán Tomás Ó Ceallaigh ; 25 August 1882 - 23 November 1966 ) was the second President of Ireland .
He escaped from detention in Fairfield in the UK , and returned to Ireland .
Along with other Sinn Féin MPs he refused to take his seat in the British House of Commons .
He retired at the end of his second term in 1959 , to be replaced by his old friend , Éamon de Valera .
He joined the National Library of Ireland in 1898 as a junior assistant .
During his second term he visited many nations in Europe and spoke to the United States Congress in 1959 .
Instead former Fianna Fáil TD , Domhnall Ua Buachalla from County Kildare , would be the last Governor-General .
O'Kelly was elected Sinn Féin MP for College Green in the 1918 British general election .
Ó Ceallaigh left the cabinet in 1945 when he was elected President of Ireland in a popular vote of the people , defeating two other candidates .
Stunts such as withdrawing the Irish Army 's band from playing at diplomatic functions which the Governor-General attended , or in one notorious case the sight of O'Kelly and Defense Minister Frank Aiken storming out of a diplomatic function at the French Legation when McNeill , the guest of honor , arrived , damaged Ó Ceallaigh 's reputation and image , particularly when the campaign backfired .
During this time he had been Minister for Local Government ( 1932-1939 ) and Minister for Finance ( 1939-1945 ) .
In 1906 he was elected to Dublin Corporation , which id Dublin 's city council .
In 1926 when de Valera left Sinn Féin to found his own republican party , Fianna Fáil , Ó Ceallaigh followed him , becoming one of the party 's founding members .
He was honorary secretary of the party from 1908 until 1925 .
In 1932 , when de Valera , was appointed President of the Executive Council ( prime minister ) of the Irish Free State he made Ó Ceallaigh Minister for Local Government .
O'Kelly died in Dublin .
His rise to the # 1 position took place in just over a week .
He was better known by his pseudonym geriatric1927 on the popular video sharing website YouTube .
By mid-2006 , Oakley was the most subscribed user on YouTube .
Oakley was later diagnosed with cancer which was too far advanced for treatment and he was not expected to live .
He posted his final video on February 12 , 2014 .
Peter Oakley ( 20 August 1927 - 23 March 2014 ) was a British internet blogger .
Blessed art thou amongst women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , for thou hast given birth to the Saviour of our souls .
Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners , now and at the hour of our death .
For translations from the Latin into various languages , see Wikisource .
Hail Mary , full of grace , the Lord is with thee ; blessed art thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , Jesus .
The Hail Mary prayer used by the Eastern Orthodox Church and Eastern Catholic Churches is written : : Θεοτόκε Παρθένε , χαῖρε , κεχαριτωμένη Μαρία , ὁ Κύριος μετὰ σοῦ .
The text also appears in the story of the annunciation from the apocryphal Infancy Gospel of Matthew , in chapter 9 .
Even the earliest Western forms did not say anything like `` Mother of God and Virgin '' or `` for thou hast given birth to the Saviour of our souls '' , which are part of the Greek version .
So do many other groups within Christianity , including Anglicans , Independent Catholics , and Old Catholics .
The same thing can be translated differently into English : Mother of God and Virgin , rejoice , Mary full of grace , the Lord is with thee .
These new words asked Mary for help : `` Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death .
So do people who follow the Ruthenian recension ( like the Ukrainian Greek-Catholic Church and the Ruthenian Catholic Church ) .
This version is used by the Russian Orthodox Church , the Serbian Orthodox Church , the Bulgarian Orthodox Church and the Ukrainian Orthodox Church ) .
Eleven years later , this sentence was included in the Catechism of the Council of Trent of 1566 .
It is usually sung three times at the end of Vespers during an All-Night Vigil .
For this reason , both `` Hail '' and `` Rejoice '' are good English translations of the word .
In the way this phrase is written ( called the passive voice ) , the phrase means `` to have grace shown , or bestowed upon , one '' .
It also appears in several canons of prayer .
This phrase ( like all of Saint Luke 's Gospel ) was first written in Koine Greek .
The second is `` Blessed art thou amongst women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb '' ( Luke 1:42 ) .
This was a normal greeting in Koine Greek .
Hail Mary is a Christian prayer to Mary , the mother of Jesus .
The word κεχαριτωμένη , ( kecharitōménē ) is usually translated as `` full of grace '' .
In this prayer , a leader starts the prayer and others say the rest : In the Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Churches , the Hail Mary is very common .
A mechanism of interplay between the Yarkovsky effect and nonlinear secular resonances ( mainly involving Jupiter and Saturn ) has been suggested .
It is named after Lund Observatory , Sweden .
Assuming an albedo similar to 4 Vesta ( around 0.4 ) , suggests that the bodies are about 7 km across .
809 Lundia is a small , binary , V-type asteroid orbiting in the Flora family in the Main Belt .
It takes 15.4 hours to orbit each other , which says that the binary is very close - the separation being of the order of 10-20 km , if normal asteroid albedo and density values are assumed .
Its orbit is too far from Vesta for it to actually be a member of the Vesta family It is not clear how it came at an orbit so far from Vesta , but other examples of V-type asteroids fairly far from their parent body are known .
In fact , the size of the two bodies appear to be close in size , because during mutual occultations the brightness drops by a similar amount independently of which body is hidden .
The V-type spectrum says that it is not genetically related to the Flora family , but rather is probably a piece ( actually two pieces ) blown off the surface of nearby 4 Vesta by a big impact in the past .
Hovenia dulcis , the oriental raisin tree , is a plant which is native to Japan , Korea , Eastern China and the Himalayas .
The mother tries to force the baby to stop breastfeeding , and the baby tries to force the mother to continue .
Weaning conflict happens in several mammal species , including primates and canines .
When a baby does not drink any more breast milk ( or milk substitute ) , the baby has been weaned .
As well as using stone tools , they used tools of wood and bone .
During the Palaeolithic Age humans grouped together in small bands .
The geological period which corresponds to the Palaeolithic is the Pleistocene .
For example , the Mass in B minor is BWV 232 .
He took all the music that is known by Johann Sebastian Bach ( some of Bach 's music has been lost ) and gave each piece a number .
Bach , like many composers from long ago , did not use opus numbers , because very few of his works were published during his lifetime .
Predestination : The Divine foreordaining or foreknowledge of all that will happen ; with regard to the salvation of some and not others .
It has been particularly associated with the teachings of St. Augustine of Hippo and of John Calvin .
Many of the original shorts can still be found on iTunes and TurboNick .
The show began as a series of shorts featured on CBC 's The Void and in-between shows on Nickelodeon .
Mr. Meaty received a great deal of criticism from vegetarians and parents who did n't like the gross-out humor .
Mr. Meaty is an American\/Canadian television series , airing on CBC Television in Canada and the Nicktoons Network in the United States .
It originally began in 2004 , as a series of shorts that aired on Nickelodeon .
Webern made a transcription for orchestra of a ricercar from Bach 's Musical Offering .
Ravel 's transcribed Mussorgsky 's piano piece Pictures at an Exhibition for orchestra .
We found a ladder in his garden and stuck it up at the bathroom window which he 'd left slightly open .
I was the one who climbed up and got in . ''
Another Apple scruff , Margo Bird , remembers being good friends with McCartney - she would often take his dog for walks - and later got a job at Apple Corps .
A slower , ethereal version of this song , recorded during the Let It Be sessions , appears on Anthology 3 .
In the 2006 DVD documentary The Classic Artists Series : The Moody Blues ( DVD UK , released October 2006 ) , Mike Pinder , the former keyboard player of Birmingham R&B band The Moody Blues , states that the inspiration for the song actually rests with an incident that happened to them-a groupie climbing into an open bathroom window in the band 's home and spending the night with band member Ray Thomas .
The song was completed two days later with additional guitar and percussion .
`` She Came in Through the Bathroom Window '' is a song written by Paul McCartney ( although credited to Lennon\/McCartney ) and performed by The Beatles on their album Abbey Road as part of the Abbey Road medley .
McCartney said the song was inspired by Apple scruffs ( dedicated fans who would stay outside the Abbey Road studio and the homes of the Beatles ) , who broke into McCartney 's St John 's Wood home .
On July 28 , they added more vocals , guitar , percussion and piano .
She says that she was asked to get back a certain photograph , which she did .
The Beatles recorded the rhythm track for this and Polythene Pam as one piece on 25 July 1969 .
It took them 39 attempts , after which they added lead vocals and re-recorded the drums and bass guitar parts .
At the very beginning of the song , in anticipation to the change of meter , John Lennon says `` we 'll listen to that now ... heh-heh '' and then shouts `` Oh , look out ! ''
The next day , Pinder and Thomas told the story to McCartney , who-guitar in hand-strummed and sang `` She came in through the bathroom window ... '' .
She then opened the front door to let the others in , and they stole a number of photographs .
This song was performed directly after `` Polythene Pam '' , the song on the preceding track , without pause .
Diane Ashley , one of the group , says : `` We were bored , he was out and so we decided to pay him a visit .
The CCTV New Year 's Gala ( Simplified Chinese : 中国中央电视台春节联欢晚会 ; Traditional Chinese : 中國中央電視台春節聯歡晚會 ; Pinyin : Zhōngguó zhōngyāng diànshìtái chūnjié liánhuān wǎnhuì ) is a Chinese New Year special produced by China Central Television .
The band has participated in the Melodifestivalen music contest four times : Both lead singer Mathias Holmgren and Magnus Carlsson have participated in Melodifestivalen as solo singers .
Chris Lindh replaced him , before leaving the band in 2007 .
The band has replaced their lead singer three times .
Carlsson left the group in 2002 and later became a member of the group Alcazar .
The current lead singer is Björn Lagerström .
Mathias Holmgren , a former Fame Factory student , replaced Carlsson .
Hurricane Dennis was the second hurricane and the first major hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
The Bad Girls Club ( season 3 ) is the third season of The Bad Girls Club .
In 75 AD , XII Fulminata was in Caucasus , where Emperor Vespasian had sent the legion to support the allied kingdoms of Iberia and Albania .
The last 7000 Udi live mostly in the village of Nij of the region of Kabala and Oguz ( former Vartashen ) , but a few can be found in the capital Baku .
Among the facts that strengthen this hypothesis are the military-topoghraphical map of Caucasus published in 1903 by Russian Administration which spells name of town as `` Romana '' , various Roman artefacts found in the Absheron region and also old inhabitants ' referring to the town as Romani .
Additionally , Ramana is positioned in an area perfectly suited for a Roman `` castrum '' to control nearby Baku ' s port , on the commercial sea route ( through the Caspian sea ) between the Caucasus and the Central Asia plains .
During the third Perso-Turkic War , the Khazars ( Gokturks ) invaded Albania , and their leader Ziebel declared himself Lord of Albania in 627 AD under the Roman Heraclius rule , levying a tax on merchants and the fishermen of the Kura and Araxes rivers , which was `` in accordance with the land survey of the kingdom of Persia '' .
Emperor Nero prepared in 67 AD a military expedition in the Caucasus : he wanted to defeat the barbarian Alans and conquer for Rome all the northern shores of the Black sea from actual Georgia-Azerbaijan to what is now Romania-Moldavia , but his death stopped it .
In 35 AD King Pharasmanes of Iberia and his brother Mithridates , with the support of Rome , confronted the Parthians in Armenia : the Albanians proved effective allies , contributing to the defeat and temporary eviction of the Parthians .
After Armenia under Roman influence adopted Christianity as its state religion ( 301 AD ) , the Caucasian Albanian king Urnayr went to the See of the Armenian Apostolic Church to receive baptism from St. Gregory the Illuminator , the first `` Patriarch of Armenia '' .
Christianity reached its golden age in the late fifth century under Vachagan the Pious ( ruled 487-510 AD ) , who launched a campaign - influenced by Byzantine priests - against idol worship in Caucasian Albania and discouraged Persian Zoroastrianism .
Some historians argue that the actual settlement of Ramana near Baku was possibly founded by the Roman troops of Lucius Julius Maximus from `` Legio XII Fulminata '' in the first century AD and derives its name from the Latin Romana .
But fifty years later Rome lost the area that since then remained an integral part of the Sassanian Empire for more than two centuries .
Christianity started to enter Caucasian Albania , according to Movses Kaghankatvatsi , as early as during the 1st century , exactly when Romans imposed their initial control on Albania .
A king of Albania appears in the list of dynasties whose ambassadors were received by Augustus .
But the Albanians , influenced by the Parthian Empire were not slow to revolt against Rome : in 36 BC Mark Antony found himself obliged to send one of his lieutenants to bring an end to their rebellion .
Despite the growth of Roman influence , Albania never ceased to remain in commercial and probably also cultural contact with Persia , but with Trajan in 114 AD Roman control over Caucasian Albania was nearly complete with top social levels fully romanized .
The first Christian church in the region was built by St. Eliseus , a disciple of Thaddeus of Edessa , at a place called Gis and is believed to be the modern-day `` Church of Kish '' ) .
During the reign of Roman emperor Hadrian ( 117-138 ) Albania was invaded by the Alans , an Iranian nomadic group .
This invasion promoted an alliance between Rome and the Albanians that was reinforced under Antoninus Pius in 140 AD .
Caucasian Albania was later conquered by the Arabs in 643 AD , during the Islamic conquest of Persia .
In the late sixth century the territory of Albania became again an arena of wars between Sassanian Persia and the Byzantine\/Eastern Roman Empire .
Pompey ensured the control of Albanians nearly reaching the Caspian sea before returning to Anatolia .
Sassanians occupied the area around 240 Ad but after a few years the Roman Empire regained control of Caucasian Albania .
Zober , who was then king of Albania , capitulated and Albania thus became - at least in name - a `` Roman protectorate '' , starting a condition of vassalage that lasted for nearly three centuries .
The Albanian kings retained their rule by paying tribute to the regional powers .
After the Muslim invasions of the 7th century the original Christians have nearly disappeared from actual Azerbaijan .
The presence of a detachment of the Legio XII Fulminata at a distance of some kilometers from the shores of that sea ( 69 km south of Baku ) is attested by an inscription drawn up between 83 and 96 AD in the reign of Domitian .
In 297 AD the treaty of Nisibis stipulated the reestablishment of the Roman protectorate over Caucasian Iberia and Caucasian Albania .
An inscription has been found in Azerbaijan which reads : IMP DOMITIANO CAESARE AVG GERMANICO LVCIVS IVLIVS MAXIMVS LEGIONIS XII FVL , Under imperator Domitian , Caesar , Augustus Germanicus , Lucius Julius Maximus , Legio XII Fulminata .
Successively Vespasian was determined to restore and reinforce the full authority of Rome in the Caucasus as far as the Caspian .
A second and final influence came from the Eastern Roman Empire when emperor Heraclius was able to take control of Caucasian Albania in 627 AD with help from the Gokturks of the Western Turkic Khaganate , in the Third Perso-Turkic War .
In 65 BC , the Roman general Pompey , who had just subjugated Armenia and Iberia and had conquered Colchis , entered Albania at the head of his army .
Its influence over the region started in the first century before Christ and lasted until around 250 AD .
There was an enduring relation between Caucasian Albania and Ancient Rome .
The only remaining Caucasian Albanians are the Udi people , who maintain the Christian faith of their Roman influenced ancestors .
Rome controlled Caucasian Albania only as a client or vassal state .
In fording the Alazan river , he clashed with the forces of Oroezes , king of Albania , and eventually defeated them .
Around 299 AD , Albania was again a `` nominal '' vassal state of emperor Diocletianus for a few years more .
He is the author of Midnight 's Children ( 1981 ) , which won the Booker Prize .
Rushdie was born in India , but lives in England .
Because of this book , a fatwa was issued by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini of Iran .
Potts was given the keepership of Skalme Park by King James in 1615 , to breed and train the king 's hounds .
Under questioning Grace readily admitted that her story was untrue , and said she had been told what to say by Jane Southworth 's uncle , Christopher Southworth aka Thompson , a Jesuit priest who was in hiding in the Samlesbury area ; Southworth was the chaplain at Samlesbury Hall , and Jane Southworth 's uncle by marriage .
On being asked by the judge what answer they could make to the charges laid against them , Potts reports that they `` humbly fell upon their knees with weeping teares '' , and `` desired him ( Bromley ) for Gods cause to examine Grace Sowerbutts '' .
Bromley then committed the girl to be examined by two JPs , William Leigh and Edward Chisnal .
Leigh and Chisnal questioned the three accused women in an attempt to discover why Southworth might have fabricated evidence against them , but none could offer any reason other than that each of them `` goeth to the ( Anglican ) Church '' .
Bromley achieved his desired promotion to the Midlands Circuit in 1616 .
Jane Southworth 's eldest son , Thomas , eventually inherited his grandfather 's estate of Samlesbury Hall .
Immediately `` the countenance of this Grace Sowerbutts changed '' ; the witnesses `` began to quarrel and accuse one another '' , and eventually admitted that Grace had been coached in her story by a Catholic priest they called Thompson .
In 1618 , he was given responsibility for `` collecting the forfeitures on the laws concerning sewers , for twenty-one years '' .
One of the accused witches , Jane Southworth , was the widow of the disinherited son , John .
After the statements had been read out in court Bromley ordered the jury to find the defendants not guilty , stating that : Potts finished his book with the words : `` Thus were these poore Innocent creatures , by the great care and paines of this honorable Judge , delivered from the danger of this Conspiracie ; this bloudie practice of the Priest laid open '' .
By the early 1590s , he was convinced that Scottish witches plotted against him .
The case against the three women collapsed `` spectacularly '' when the main witness , Grace Sowerbutts , was shown by the trial judge to be `` the perjuring tool of a Catholic priest '' .
In early 1612 , the year of the trials , each justice of the peace ( JP ) in Lancashire was ordered to make a list of the recusants in their area-those who refused to attend the services of the Church of England , which was a criminal offence at that time .
Jane Southworth ( born Jane Sherburne ) and John were married in about 1598 , and the couple lived in Samlesbury Lower Hall .
Many historians , notably Hugh Trevor-Roper , have said that the witch trials of the 16th and 17th century were a result of the religious struggles of the period .
Since the death of Queen Mary and the coming to the throne of her half-sister Elizabeth in 1558 , Catholic priests had been forced to hide , but in remote areas like Lancashire they were still able to celebrate mass in secret .
At the end of the 16th century , the government thought this county was a wild and lawless area , `` fabled for its theft , violence and sexual laxity , where the church was honored without much understanding of its doctrines by the common people '' .
His 1597 book , Daemonologie , he told his followers that they must report and prosecute any supporters or practitioners of witchcraft .
The trial of the Samlesbury witches is perhaps one clear example of that trend ; it has been described as `` largely a piece of anti-Catholic propaganda '' , .
Thomas Potts , the clerk , wrote that after hearing the evidence many of those in court were persuaded of the accused 's guilt .
James was , did not believe some of the evidence presented in witch trials , he even personally showed discrepancies in the testimonies presented against some accused witches .
This event split up the Southworth family of Samlesbury Hall .
Their trial on 19 August 1612 was one of a series of witch trials held over two days .
John had died only a few months before her trial for witchcraft in 1612 , and she had seven children .
In contrast , other people tried at the same time were accused of maleficium , that is causing harm by witchcraft .
King James I , came to the English throne in 1603 .
First , Thomas Potts , the clerk to the court , wrote about it in his The Wonderfull Discoverie of Witches in the Countie of Lancaster .
The three women were Jane Southworth , Jennet Bierley , and Ellen Bierley .
His eldest son , also called John , did join the Church of England , for which his father disinherited him .
In 1604 a new witchcraft law was made , called `` An Act against Conjuration , Witchcraft and dealing with evil and wicked spirits '' .
Relations father and son were not polite ; John Singleton , said that the father would not even go passed his son 's house if he could keep clear of it , and believed that Jane would probably kill her husband .
Sir John Southworth , head of the family until his death in 1595 , was a leading recusant .
Samuel James `` Sam '' Champion ( born August 13 , 1961 ) is the weather anchor of ABC 's Good Morning America and weather editor of ABC News .
Champion was born in Paducah , Kentucky .
He has a B.A. in broadcast journalism from Eastern Kentucky University .
Champion is active in many charitable organizations in the New York City area including the National Multiple Sclerosis Society , March of Dimes , and `` Stopping AIDS Together '' .
On April 7 , 2012 , he debuted as host of Sea Rescue , an educational and informational television program that focuses on the rescue , rehabilitation , and release of animals back into the wild .
Champion and his longtime partner Rubem Robierb were married on December 21 , 2012 .
He co-hosted the New York City Project 's 2002 `` Courage Awards '' .
It was released in the United States on February 6 , 1943 .
The sixth animated feature in the Disney animated features canon , it is made up of four different segments ; Donald Duck stars in two of them and Goofy stars in one .
It also features the first appearance of José Carioca .
The movie premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24 , 1942 .
Each of them begin with different clips of the Disney artists roaming the country drawing cartoons of some of the local cultures and scenery :
Saludos Amigos was popular enough for a sequel , The Three Caballeros , to be produced two years later .
Saludos Amigos is a 1942 movie that takes place in Latin America , produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures .
On January 2 , 1847 , his story `` Fourth of July , 1776 '' appeared in Saturday Review magazine .
It arrived in Philadelphia in August 1752 .
Isaac Norris , speaker of the Pennsylvania Provincial Assembly , ordered the colony 's London agent , Robert Charles , to get a `` good Bell of about two thousands pound weight '' .
The bell became widely famous after a short story in 1847 claimed that an old bell-ringer rang it on July 4 , 1776 , after hearing the Second Continental Congress 's vote for independence .
From the 1885 , the City of Philadelphia , which owned the bell , allowed it to go to many different patriotic meetings .
Bells were rung when the Declaration of Independence was read on July 8 , 1776 .
The first bell hung from a tree behind the Pennsylvania State House , now known as Independence Hall .
The bell was ordered from the London firm of Lester and Pack ( which is known as the Whitechapel Bell Foundry today ) in 1752 .
The Liberty Bell is an important and famous symbol of American independence ( freedom ) .
The last such journey was in 1915 .
One story claims it was cracked while ringing after Chief Justice John Marshall died in 1835 .
When it was first made , the Liberty Bell was used to make lawmakers come to legislative meetings .
It had the letters `` Proclaim LIBERTY throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof . ''
This made people think of the Liberty Bell and the Declaration of Independence as closely related .
In 1751 , a bell tower was built in the Pennsylvania State House , and the leaders there began looking for a bell which could be heard from far away ( the city was growing larger quickly ) .
Pieces were broken off by souvenir hunters .
It first cracked when it was first rung when it came to Philadelphia , and was made again twice by John Pass and John Stow , two workmen .
Millard Fillmore ( January 7 , 1800 - March 8 , 1874 ) was the 13th President of the United States .
Then it was reorganized by Domingo Franco and Andres Bonifacio .
The society broke apart into two separate groups : the Cuerpo de Compromisarios which promised to continue supporting the La Solidaridad in Spain and the Katipunan in the Philippines .
The mountain was named after Sir William Edmond Logan , a Canadian geologist and founder of the Geological Survey of Canada ( GSC ) .
Temperatures are extremely low on and near Mount Logan .
Little snow melt leads to a large ice cap , reaching almost 300 m ( 984 ft ) in certain spots .
Mount Logan is in Kluane National Park and Reserve in southwestern Yukon .
It is the second-highest peak in North America , after Mount McKinley ( Denali ) .
On the 5,000 m high plateau , air temperature stays around − 45 ° C ( − 49 ° F ) in the winter .
Logan is believed to have the largest base circumference of any non-volcanic mountain on Earth .
Pernell Roberts ( May 18 , 1928 - January 24 , 2010 ) was an American actor .
His other success in television was in the series Trapper John , M.D. ( 1979-1986 ) .
For example : playing the note that is called `` C '' on a B flat clarinet , produces the note that is called `` B ♭ '' when played on a piano .
Afterwards , Cena began beating up Tarver and Young and then took Tarver 's Nexus armband .
Sheamus used the interference to win the championship from John Cena .
Cena revealed his team one by one ; the members were Edge , John Morrison , R-Truth , The Great Khali , Chris Jericho and Bret Hart .
However , Sheamus and Cena were able to hold them off and escape , with Sheamus winning .
At Money in the Bank pay-per-view , the Nexus tried to get involved in the WWE Championship match involving Sheamus and John Cena in a steel cage by breaking the door .
Cena refused and said that he would take them all down at SummerSlam , and that he had found some help to do it .
After that , Barrett and The Nexus asked Cena to join them .
During the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view , the Nexus interfered in the main event for the WWE Championship , attacking all the wrestlers involved .
They were defeated in the main event 10-man tag team match by Edge , Del Rio , Big Show , Kane and Kofi Kingston .
Mason Ryan joined Nexus after he interfered in a match between Punk and Cena .
However , even after apologizing for their actions , the Nexus continued their attacks , including one on McMahon who tried to take credit for the Nexus ' actions .
At SummerSlam , the Nexus were defeated by Team WWE , who had Daniel Bryan , who joined Team WWE as a surprise member ( after Nexus had ( kayfabe ) injured Khali , taking him out of the match ) and eliminated both Young and Slater .
Barrett said that this group was going to form no matter who won the competition , stating that the seven of them had formed a `` Nexus '' and had a common goal they all fought to have accomplished .
Barrett rehired Cena and faced him in a Chairs match at TLC : Tables , Ladders & Chairs .
On the July 19 episode of Raw the Nexus continued their attacks on the Raw roster by first attacking Edge and then Chris Jericho .
However , the referees threw away the key and the tool that Tarver tried to use to break in .
At Bragging Rights , Cena and Otunga won the WWE Tag Team Championship by defeating Cody Rhodes and Drew McIntyre .
Barrett also said that Michael McGillicutty and Husky Harris had become official member of Nexus .
Cena said he would destroy Nexus from the inside but the mystery GM said that Cena was a member of Nexus now and he would either take orders from Barrett or be fired .
Slater and Gabriel won the Tag Team Championship on the next Raw when Barrett ordered Otunga to lie down and be pinned on purpose .
The rest of the Nexus also helped Kane defeat The Undertaker in a buried alive match later that night .
Orton was unable to punt Punk in the head after their match at WrestleMania XXVII which left Punk as the only active member of Nexus .
Later on in the show Barrett beat Mark Henry .
Then , they tried to climb up and get into the match .
The Nexus would later serve as lumberjacks in the main event match between John Cena and Kane .
Orton was drafted to SmackDown during the WWE Draft and defeated Punk at Extreme Rules which ended the feud between Orton and Nexus .
The Nexus defeated the team of John Cena , Edge , Chris Jericho , Sheamus and Randy Orton in a 5 on 5 elimination match .
If Barrett won , Cena would be forced to join Nexus but if Cena won Nexus would be disbanded .
During a # 1 contender battle royal later that night , Barrett ordered Cena to eliminate himself when it came down to them .
Barrett went on to win the match after Husky Harris and Michael McGillicutty interfered in the match .
At a live event in Hawaii , member Skip Sheffield broke his ankle during a tag match with Otunga against the Hart Dynasty .
Cena caused Slater and Gabriel to lose their Tag Team Champions to Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov after he interfered in their Fatal 4-Way tag team elimination match .
They also attacked The Undertaker with the help of Kane .
Bret Hart said no , and he also fired Barrett .
The feud between Cena and Nexus ended when Cena eliminated the members of Nexus in the Royal Rumble except Husky Harris who was eliminated by The Great Khali .
Barrett was n't happy with Otunga 's decision to invade SmackDown and he forced Otunga to defend his spot in the group the next week .
Cena said later in the night that his attacks on Barrett would continue but attacks on the rest of the members of Nexus may stop eventually .
Otunga successfully defended his spot in the group when he defeated Edge in a lumberjack match , after an interference from Kane .
Nexus announced that it was under `` new management '' and CM Punk later revealed that he was that new leader after Barrett was kicked out of Nexus for losing his match against Randy Orton and Sheamus .
The seven losers of the show were left without a job .
The Nexus was a professional wrestling stable that competed on the Raw brand .
After CM Punk ordered Slater and Gabriel to hit each other with kendo sticks for initiation , they refused and left Nexus to join Barrett and Ezekiel Jackson on SmackDown as The Corre .
Otunga led Harris , Slater , Gabriel and McGillicutty and they invaded SmackDown where they interrupted a match between Edge and Alberto Del Rio .
Barrett was allowed to chose a special guest referee for his WWE Championship rematch against Orton at Survivor Series and he chose Cena .
Cena defeated Barrett after he attacked the other members of Nexus throughout the PPV .
All members of the Nexus , except for Darren Young , won their matches that night .
Nexus threatened to kick out Barrett if he did not get Cena rehired .
Barrett defeated Randy Orton in the main event match for the WWE Championship by disqualification from John Cena which caused him not to win the championship .
The rest of the members of Nexus returned and cost Orton a shot at the WWE Championship .
The Nexus then attacked Hart , and threw him into a limo .
He said if Cena did n't make sure he won , Cena would be fired from the WWE but if Barrett did win , Cena would be able to leave the Nexus .
Paul Michael Glaser ( born March 25 , 1943 ) is an American actor and director .
He also directed episodes of the series : Starsky and Hutch , Miami Vice , Otherworld , The Agency , Mister Sterling , Robbery Homicide Division , Judging Amy , Third Watch , and many more .
He directed Arnold Schwarzenegger in The Running Man ( 1987 ) .
The ultraparallel theorem states that there is a unique line in the hyperbolic plane that is perpendicular to each of a given pair of ultraparallel lines .
In 1868 , Eugenio Beltrami provided models of it , and used this to prove that hyperbolic geometry was consistent if Euclidean geometry was .
There are three models commonly used for hyperbolic geometry : the Klein model , the Poincaré disc model , and the Lorentz model , or hyperboloid model .
Lobachevsky published in 1830 , while Bolyai independently discovered it and published in 1832 .
These models define a real hyperbolic space which satisfies the axioms of a hyperbolic geometry .
In Euclidean geometry , the angle of parallelism is a constant ; that is , any distance between parallel lines yields an angle of parallelism equal to 90 ° .
The term `` hyperbolic geometry '' was introduced by Felix Klein in 1871 .
In the nineteenth century , hyperbolic geometry was explored by János Bolyai and Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky , after whom it sometimes is named .
In this article , the two limiting lines are called asymptotic and lines that have a common perpendicular are called ultraparallel ; the simple word parallel may apply to both .
Their attempts failed , but their efforts gave birth to hyperbolic geometry .
Thus , as distances get smaller , the hyperbolic plane behaves more and more like Euclidean geometry .
Because there is no hyperbolic analog to Euclidean parallel lines , the hyperbolic use of parallel and related terms varies among writers .
In hyperbolic geometry , the angle of parallelism varies with the function .
Karl Friedrich Gauss also studied hyperbolic geometry , describing in a 1824 letter to Taurinus that he had constructed it , but did not publish his work .
This function , described by Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky , produces a unique angle of parallelism for each distance .
Symmetrically , the line y that forms the same angle θ between PB and itself but clockwise from PB will also be asymptotic .
Thus we have this modified form of the parallel postulate : In hyperbolic geometry , given any line l , and point P not on l , there are exactly two lines through P which are asymptotic to l , and infinitely many lines through P ultraparallel to l. The differences between these types of lines can also be looked at in the following way : the distance between asymptotic lines run to zero in one direction and grows without bound in the other ; the distance between ultraparallel lines increases in both directions .
An interesting property of hyperbolic geometry follows from the occurrence of more than one parallel line through a point P : there are two classes of non-intersecting lines .
Indeed , on small scales compared to , where is the ( constant ) Gaussian curvature of the plane , an observer would have a hard time determining whether he is in the Euclidean or the hyperbolic plane .
Despite the naming , the two disc models and the half-plane model were introduced as models of hyperbolic space by Beltrami , not by Poincaré or Klein .
Let B be the point on l such that the line PB is perpendicular to l. Consider the line x through P such that x does not intersect l , and the angle θ between PB and x counterclockwise from PB is as small as possible ; i.e. , any smaller angle will force the line to intersect l. This is called an asymptotic line in hyperbolic geometry .
Models have been constructed within Euclidean geometry that obey the axioms of hyperbolic geometry .
The parallel postulate in Euclidean geometry says that in two dimensional space , for any given line l and point P not on l , there is exactly one line through P that does not intersect l. This line is called parallel to l. In hyperbolic geometry there are at least two such lines through P. As they do not intersect l , the parallel postulate is false .
x and y are the only two lines asymptotic to l through P. All other lines through P not intersecting l , with angles greater than θ with PB , are called ultraparallel ( or disjointly parallel ) to l. Notice that since there are an infinite number of possible angles between θ and 90 degrees , and each one will determine two lines through P and disjointly parallel to l , there exist an infinite number of ultraparallel lines .
In mathematics , hyperbolic geometry is a non-Euclidean geometry , meaning that the parallel postulate of Euclidean geometry is replaced .
Their works on hyperbolic geometry had a influence on its development among later European geometers , including Witelo , Alfonso and John Wallis .
The theorems of Alhacen , Khayyam on quadrilaterals , were the first theorems on hyperbolic geometry .
As the distance gets shorter , approaches 90 ° , whereas with increasing distance approaches 0 ° .
A number of geometers made attempts to prove the parallel postulate , including Omar Khayyám , and later Giovanni Gerolamo Saccheri , John Wallis , Lambert , and Legendre .
The group is divided into the `` cat-like '' Feliformia and the `` dog-like '' Caniformia .
Their first album was the Piper at the Gates of Dawn , which was released in 1967 .
Pink Floyd is an English rock band that became famous in the 1960s .
Cricket was also included as an Olympic sport at the 1900 Paris Games , where Great Britain defeated France to win the Gold medal .
The World Cricket League ( administered by the International Cricket Council ) is the qualification system provided to allow the Associate and Affiliate members of the ICC more opportunities to qualify .
In the early 1960s , English county cricket teams began playing a shortened version of cricket which only lasted for one day .
Starting in 1962 with a four-team knockout competition known as the Midlands Knock-Out Cup , and continuing with the inaugural Gillette Cup in 1963 , one-day cricket grew in popularity in England .
With the return of South Africa in 1992 after the ending of the apartheid boycott , nine teams played each other once in the group phase , and the top four teams progressed to the semi-finals .
The first One-Day International event was played on the fifth day of a rain-aborted Test match between England and Australia at Melbourne in 1971 , to fill the time available and as compensation for the frustrated crowd .
A new format was used for the 1999 and 2003 World Cups .
Qualifying tournaments were introduced for the second World Cup , where two of the eight places in the finals were awarded to the leading teams in the ICC Trophy .
Winners of the quarter-finals will play semi-finals and the winning semi-finalists will play in the final .
However , the first credited Test match was played in 1877 between Australia and England , and the two teams competed regularly for The Ashes in subsequent years .
The first ever international cricket match was played between Canada and the United States , on the 24 and 25 September 1844 .
A national Sunday League was formed in 1969 .
Since 1992 , one player has been declared as `` Man of the Tournament '' at the end of the World Cup finals : Previously , there was no tournament award , although Man of the Match awards have always been given for individual matches .
The last format used in the 2007 World Cup , features 16 teams allocated into four groups of four .
To date the award has always gone to a member of the winning side .
The success and popularity of the domestic one-day competitions in England and other parts of the world , as well as the early One-Day Internationals , prompted the ICC to consider organising a Cricket World Cup .
The One Day International playing nations automatically enter the final qualification tournament , the World Cup Qualifier , along with other nations who have qualified through separate competitions .
Representative cricket teams were selected to tour each other , resulting in bilateral competition .
The `` Super 8 '' teams play the other six teams that progressed from the different groups .
The top two teams from each group move forward to the Super 8 round .
Winning the Man of the Match in the final is logically noteworthy , as this indicates the player deemed to have played the biggest part in the World Cup final .
The top four teams from the `` Super 6 '' stage progressed to the semi-finals , with winners playing in the final .
The Man of the Match award in the final of the competition has been awarded to :
The top four teams from each group will proceed to the knock out stage playing quarter-finals .
This was the only appearance of cricket at the Summer Olympics .
The number of teams selected through the ICC Trophy has varied throughout the years ; currently , six teams are selected for the Cricket World Cup .
The name `` ICC Trophy '' has been changed to `` ICC World Cup Qualifier '' .
South Africa was admitted to Test status in 1889 .
Teams earn points for wins and half-points for ties .
The top four teams from each group progressed to quarter-finals and semi-finals .
The winners of the semi-finals played against each other in the final .
It was a forty over match with eight balls per over .
The first four tournaments were played by eight teams , divided into two groups of four .
The `` Super 6 '' teams played the three other teams that had made it through from the other group .
The four teams in each group played each other once in the group stage .
The Test-playing nations qualify automatically for the World Cup main event , while the other teams have to qualify through a series of preliminary qualifying tournaments .
The event is organised by the sport 's governing body , the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) .
The format of the Cricket World Cup has changed greatly over the course of its history .
A group stage and a knock-out stage .
The top four teams from the `` Super 8 '' round advance to the semi-finals .
The top three teams in each pool went into the Super 6 .
In subsequent years , international Test cricket has been generally been organised as bilateral series .
Teams also carry their points forward from the match against the other team who qualified from the same group .
The ICC Cricket World Cup is an international cricket competition .
It was a Test cricket tournament played in England between England , Australia and South Africa .
The teams carried their points forward from the matches played against the other two who were in their group .
Each team played each other once within the group .
Within each group each team will play each other once .
The tournament was made bigger in 1996 , with two groups of six teams .
The teams were split into two pools .
Early in the summer of 1908 , after his release from jail , he wrote the story of the Modern School .
In 1901 he returned to Spain and opened la Escuela Moderna ( The Modern School ) to teach middle-class children ( then ) radical social values , the school was free .
The first and most important Modern School was formed in New York City in 1911 , and then later a community was founded around a school , known as Ferrer Colony and Modern School .
His school failed and closed while he was incarcerated .
The book was called The Origins and Ideals of the Modern School and was translated into English by Joseph McCabe and published by the Knickerbocker Press in 1913 .
Francesc Ferrer y Guàrdia ( 10 January 1859 - 12 October 1909 ) , ( known as Francisco Ferrer i Guardia in Englishpr shortly Francisco Ferrer ) , was a Spanish Catalan `` free-thinker '' and anarchist .
He was born in Alella ( a small town near Barcelona ) .
After his execution , numerous supporters of Ferrer 's ideas in the United States formed what were called Modern Schools , or Ferrer Schools .
When the martial law was reused in 1909 during the Tragic Week , he was arrested , convicted without any proof and executed by firing squad at Montjuich Fortress in Barcelona on 13 October .
Divorcing his first wife in 1899 , he remarried a rich Parisian teacher some time after .
In 1906 he was arrested and accused of helping with Mateu Morral 's attack on King Alphonso XIII and released a year later .
Neutron stars have a radius of about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) and a mass from about 1.4 to 5 times the mass of the Sun .
All other stars that go supernova become neutron stars .
Neutron stars are very dense .
Neutron stars have very strong magnetic fields .
All stars have a magnetic field .
This ` pulse ' is why they are called pulsars .
It is a very large nucleus held together by gravity .
He made the band The Bad Shepherds and performs and writes for the Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band .
Adrian Charles `` Ade '' Edmondson ( 24 January 1957 ) is in English actor and comedian .
Edmonson was born in Bradford , West Riding of Yorkshire .
They have houses in Devon and London .
He is married to comedienne Jennifer Saunders .
Bohemian athletes competed for Czechoslovakia at the Olympics .
After Czechoslovakia was split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993 , Bohemian athletes competed for the Czech Republic at the Olympics .
The team began taking part in the Olympics at the 1900 Summer Olympics .
It was an autonomous part of Austria-Hungary until 1918 .
Bohemian athletes have missed only three Olympics : the first in 1896 , the 1904 Summer Olympics ( the first not to take place in Europe ) and the boycotted 1984 Summer Olympics .
Retaining structures include earth-filled dams and retaining walls .
Geotechnical engineering is an important subset of civil engineering dealing with engineering performance of earth materials .
Geotechnical engineering uses principles of soil and rock mechanics to determine : to design : and to monitor : Foundations built for above-ground structures include shallow and deep foundations .
The UNESCO `` Statement of Significance '' describes the statue as a `` masterpiece of the human spirit '' that `` endures as a highly potent symbol-inspiring contemplation , debate and protest-of ideals such as liberty , peace , human rights , abolition of slavery , democracy and opportunity . ''
In 1903 , a bronze tablet that bears the text of `` The New Colossus '' and commemorates Emma Lazarus was presented by friends of the poet .
It is accompanied by a tablet given by the Emma Lazarus Commemorative Committee in 1977 , celebrating the poet 's life .
A plaque on the copper just under the figure 's feet declares that it is a colossal statue representing Liberty , designed by Bartholdi and built by the Paris firm of Gaget , Gauthier et Cie ( Cie is the French abbreviation analogous to Co. ) .
In 1984 , the Statue of Liberty was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Until the 1986 renovation , it was mounted inside the pedestal ; today it resides in the Statue of Liberty Museum in the base .
The New York committee made a plaque that commemorates the fundraising done to build the pedestal .
The statues stand for two Americans-Pulitzer and Lazarus-and three Frenchmen-Bartholdi , Laboulaye , and Eiffel .
The five statues were designed by Maryland sculptor Phillip Ratner .
Another plaquedeclares the statue to be a gift from the people of the Republic of France that honors `` the Alliance of the two Nations in achieving the Independence of the United States of America and attests their abiding friendship . ''
A group of five statues is at the western end of the island .
There are several metal plaques on or near the Statue of Liberty .
Stephen Collins Foster ( July 4 , 1826 - January 13 , 1864 ) was America 's first professional songwriter .
She is buried in the Allegheny Cemetery .
The guppy ( Poecilia reticulata ) , also known as the millionfish , is one of the most popular freshwater aquarium fish species in the world .
It is a small member of the Poeciliidae family ( females 4-6 centimetres ( 1.6-2 .4 in ) long , males 2.5-3 .5 centimetres ( 1.0-1 .4 in ) long ) and like all other members of the family , is live-bearing .
The 1966 FIFA World Cup was the eighth FIFA World Cup .
England won the final beating West Germany 4-2 .
England also became the first host to win since Italy won it in 1934 .
Arthur Edward `` Art '' Pepper , Jr. ( September 1 , 1925-June 15 , 1982 ) was an American jazz alto saxophonist .
Some of his most famous albums are Art Pepper Meets the Rhythm Section , The Aladdin Recordings ( three volumes ) , Art Pepper + Eleven - Modern Jazz Classics , Gettin ' Together , and Smack Up .
Along with Chet Baker , Gerry Mulligan , Shelly Manne and others , he performed and recorded a lot of very good music .
`` Rays have been known to store sperm and not give birth until they decide the timing is right '' .
Some stingrays ' mouths contain two powerful , shell-crushing plates , while other species only have sucking mouthparts .
At the Sea Life London Aquarium 2 female stingrays have delivered 7 baby stingrays , although the mothers have not been near a male for 2 years .
Coral reefs are favorite feeding grounds and are usually shared with sharks during high tide .
Stingrays settle on the bottom while feeding , often leaving only their eyes and tail visible .
The female holds the embryos in the womb without a placenta .
Stingrays are ovoviviparous , bearing live young in ` litters ' of five to thirteen .
Instead , the embryos absorb nutrients from a yolk sac , and after the sac is depleted , the mother provides uterine ` milk ' .
Stingrays feed mostly on molluscs , crustaceans , and occasionally on small fish .
A few members of the suborder , such as the manta rays and the porcupine ray , do not have stings .
They are cartilaginous fishes related to sharks .
The sting may reach about 35 cm , and its underside has two grooves with venom glands .
The flattened bodies of stingrays allow them to hide themselves .
Stingrays agitate the sand and hide beneath it .
The sting is covered with a thin layer of skin , the sheath , in which the venom is held .
Because their eyes are on top of their bodies and their mouths on the undersides , stingrays can not see their prey .
Most stingrays have one or more barbed stings on the tail , which is used only for self-defense .
Stingrays are common in coastal tropical and subtropical marine waters throughout the world .
The field overlaps with other areas of biology and chemistry , particularly cell biology , genetics , biophysics and biochemistry .
Molecular biology chiefly concerns itself with understanding the interactions between the various systems of a cell , including the interrelationship of DNA , RNA and protein biosynthesis and learning how these interactions are regulated .
Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques that are typical for molecular biology , but they combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry .
There is no hard & fast line between these disciplines , as there once was .
Molecular biology is the study of biology at a molecular level .
Cornell , Wieman , and Wolfgang Ketterle at MIT were then given the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physics .
The album sold over 13 million copies .
Stripped is the fourth studio album by American singer Christina Aguilera .
A cryptographic hash function should behave as much as possible like a random function while still being deterministic and efficiently computable .
A hash function takes a string of any length as input and produces a fixed length string which acts as a kind of `` signature '' for the data provided .
The ideal hash function has three main properties : Functions with these properties are used as hash functions for a variety of purposes , not only in cryptography .
A cryptographic hash function is a transformation that takes an input ( or ` message ' ) and returns a fixed-size string , which is called the hash value ( sometimes called a message digest , a digital fingerprint , a digest or a checksum ) .
A stroke , or cerebrovascular accident ( CVA ) , is the rapid loss of brain function ( s ) due to disturbance in the blood supply to the brain .
It can cause permanent damage .
Symptoms might include : hemiplegia ( an inability to move one or more limbs on one side of the body ) , aphasia ( inability to understand or use speech ) , or an inability to see one side of the visual field .
The earliest known butterfly fossils date to the mid Eocene epoch , between 40-50 million years ago .
The prolegs have tiny hooks at the end of the each foot .
Butterflies were the last major group of insects to appear on the planet .
The caterpillars also have colors with similar functions .
A butterfly has two pairs of wings .
The butterfly then hatches out and lays more eggs .
New Line Film Productions Inc. , often called New Line Cinema , is an American movie studio .
It was founded in 1967 by Robert Shaye and Michael Lynne .
Thank you for using the Article Wizard !
What to do now Sources are ( nearly ) everything Your topic might be notable , but without good references , nobody else can review it and agree with you , or verify the information in your article .
When you think your article is ready , please consider using this wizard again ( just go back to the start ) .
If you want to try to find the sources needed for your article , these links may help :
Your article might not be ready now , but it could be improved with some work .
The main thing you will need is ( more ) reliable sources that are not associated with the subject .
Whatever you choose , we encourage you to keep helping the Simple English Wikipedia in other ways , such as working on improving existing articles .
Vladimir Aleksandrovich Teplyakov ( Russian : Владимир Александрович Тепляков ) ( November 6 , 1925 - December 10 , 2009 ) was a Russian physicist who is best known for his work with particle accelerators .
From 1959-1966 , he worked at Chelyabinsk-70 , where he kept up his study of high-current proton accelerators .
After the war ended , he went to and graduated from the All-Union Correspondence Polytechnic Institute in Moscow .
He , working with his friend I.M. Kapchinsky , created the Radio Frequency Quadrupole ( RFQ ) principle , which was very important dealing with the speed of low energy ion beams .
He was made to join the Red Army in January 1943 and fought in the Second World War on the Ukrainian front .
Teplyakov was born in the USSR on November 6 , 1925 .
Backpacking is a form of low-cost and basically independent travel .
Saxony is divided into 3 administrative districts ( Chemnitz , Dresden and Leipzig ) .
In the north of Saxony is Brandenburg , another German state .
Aromatherapy is a type of alternative medicine that uses the part of plants known as essential oils .
Boult was replaced by Reginald Jacques ( pronounced : `` Jakes '' ) , who had been a pupil of Hugh Allen at Oxford .
The Bach Choir gave its first concert on 26 April 1876 with a performance of Bach 's Mass in B minor .
Queen Victoria became Patron of the choir in 1879 .
As well as spending much of his time with The Bach Choir , he is also conductor of the BBC Singers .
The Bach Choir is a world-famous amateur choir based in London .
Stanford had already become well known as organist of Trinity College , Cambridge and conductor of the Cambridge University Musical Society .
Hugh Allen found himself conducting a choir which included the young Ralph Vaughan Williams , who had joined in 1903 and Adrian Boult , who joined around 1914 .
It is home to many hedge funds and other financial service companies .
The town of Greenwich was settled in 1640 .
Money magazine also ranked Greenwich # 1 in the `` Biggest Earner '' category .
One of the founders was Elizabeth Fones Winthrop , daughter-in-law of John Winthrop .
Greenwich is a town in Fairfield County , Connecticut , United States .
Greenwich is the southernmost and westernmost town in Connecticut .
As of the 2010 census , the town had 61,171 people .
The town is named after Greenwich , England .
In July 2005 , CNN\/Money and Money magazine listed Greenwich 4th on its list of the 100 Best Places to Live in the United States .
Greenwich was officially made a town on May 11 , 1665 .
The town has four beaches on Long Island Sound : Greenwich Point , Byram Beach , Island Beach ( Little Captain 's Island ) , and Great Captain Island .
Coordinates : 45 ° 4 ′ 14 ″ N 7 ° 41 ′ 16 ″ E \/ 45.07056 ° N 7.68778 ° E \/ 45.07056 ; 7.68778 The Teatro Regio ( ` Royal Theatre ' ) is a well-known opera house and opera company in Turin , Italy .
An acoustic shell was added to improve its sound .
Arturo Toscanini was the conductor of the Turin Opera from 1895 to 1898 , during which time several production of works of Wagner were given their first Italian performances .
It remained closed for thirty-seven years .
Other theaters were built and gave seasons of opera in Turin .
With the French occupation of Turin during the Napoleonic War the theater was renamed the Teatro Nazionale and finally , after Napoleon became emperor , renamed again as the Teatro Imperiale .
Among them was the restored Teatro Carignano in 1824 .
The opera house was rebuilt an opened in 10 April 1973 with a production of Verdi 's I Vespri Siciliani directed by Maria Callas and Giuseppe Di Stefano .
It was taken over by the municipality in 1932 and , after the destruction by fire of the Teatro Regio in 1936 , the Carignano was the main opera house in the city until the Regio reopened in 1973 .
In 1792 it was closed and became a warehouse .
The new house , which uses the original frontage , seats 1,750 and is elliptical in shape with a large orchestra level and 37 boxes .
The Regio was rebuilt in 1905 but the theater closed during the First World War and re-opened in 1919 .
The acronym was invented by Jim O'Neill , an economist who worked for Goldman Sachs .
In 2001 , he wrote an article that he called `` Building Better Global Economic BRICs '' .
When people write about these countries , they usually write `` BRICs '' or the `` BRIC countries '' .
Cha Tae-hyun is a South Korean actor .
His start was in the KBS Talent Contest .
Nearly all chimpanzee populations have been recorded using tools , modifying sticks , rocks , grass , and leaves and use them for acquiring honey , termites , ants , nuts , and water .
The species has also been found creating sharpened sticks to spear Senegal bushbabies out of small holes in trees .
The common chimpanzee is listed on the IUCN Red List as an endangered species .
The common chimpanzee lives in groups which range from 15 to 150 members , although individuals travel and forage in much smaller groups during the day .
The biggest threats to the common chimpanzee are habitat destruction , poaching and disease .
Between 170,000 and 300,000 individuals are estimated across its range in the forests and savannahs of West and Central Africa .
Its gestation period is eight months .
The infant is weaned at about three years old , but usually maintains a close relationship with its mother for several more years ; it reaches puberty at the age of eight to 10 , and its lifespan in captivity is about 50 years .
The common chimpanzee is more robust than the bonobo , weighing between 40 and 65 kg ( 88 and 143 lb ) and measuring approximately 1.3 to 1.6 m ( 4 ft 3 in to 5 ft 3 in ) from head to tail .
The species lives in a male-dominated , strict hierarchy , so disputes can generally be settled without the need for violence .
The common chimpanzee ( Pan troglodytes ) , or robust chimpanzee , is a species of great ape .
The common chimpanzee is often called the chimpanzee ( or `` chimp '' ) , though this can be used to refer to both species in the genus Pan : the common chimpanzee and the closely related bonobo .
Evidence from fossils and DNA sequencing show both species of chimpanzees are the closest living relatives to modern humans .
From 1918 until 1928 it was called the Kingdom of the Serbs , Croats , and Slovenes .
In 1992 , they formed a new Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( FRY ) .
After the WW 2 it was renamed to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia with six republics , 2 autonomous provinces : Bosnia-Herzegovina , Croatia , Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia and Slovenia and two autonomous provinces in Serbia : Vojvodina in the north , and Kosovo , next to Albania .
The complex spans the length of King William Street in the City of London .
Because of the Winter Olympics break , there was no NHL All-Star Game for 2010 .
A mid-season break from February 15 to February 28 occurred to allow participation of NHL players in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
It ran from October 1 , 2009 , including four games in Europe on October 2 and 3-until April 11 , 2010 , with the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs currently being played , all the way up to early June 2010 .
The 2009-10 NHL season was the 92nd season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) and the 100th season since the founding of the predecessor National Hockey Association ( NHA ) .
GP - Games Played W - Wins L - Losses OTL - OT\/Shootout Losses GF - Goals For GA - Goals Against PTS - Points \* - Division Leader x - Clinched Playoff spot y - Clinched Division z - Clinched Conference p - Clinched Presidents ' Trophy e - Eliminated from Playoff Contention GP - Games Played W - Wins L - Losses OTL - OT\/Shootout Losses GF - Goals For GA - Goals Against PTS - Points \* - Division Leader x - Clinched Playoff spot y - Clinched Division z - Clinched Conference p - Clinched Presidents ' Trophy e - Eliminated from Playoff Contention GP - Games Played W - Wins L - Losses OTL - OT\/Shootout Losses GF - Goals For GA - Goals Against PTS - Points \* - Division Leader x - Clinched Playoff spot y - Clinched Division z - Clinched Conference p - Clinched Presidents ' Trophy e - Eliminated from Playoff Contention Teams are ranked ( ordered by how many games they won ) at the end of the regular season .
The municipality calls itself `` Chūō City '' in English .
In area , Chūō is the second-smallest ward in Tokyo .
Its name comes from the Iranian government 's repeated tries to jam foreign satellite programming .
However since January 2011 , the show 's YouTube channel is watched 45,000 times a week and its Facebook page is visited 17 million times a month .
Parazit ( Persian : پارازیت , pārāzit , meaning `` static '' ) was a weekly half-hour Persian language satirical television show on Voice of America 's Persian service .
Kambiz Hosseini and Saman Arbabi started the show as a 10-minute show .
Parazit was started before the June 2009 presidential elections in Iran .
Because it is shown through unofficial channels , it is impossible to say how many people have seen it .
Venda , also called Tshivenḓa or Luvenḓa , is a Bantu language and an official language of South Africa .
The letters C , J , and Q are used when writing foreign words and names .
During the Apartheid era of South Africa , Venda speakers lived in the bantustan of Venda .
Most Venda speakers live in South Africa , but some speakers live in Zimbabwe .
The Venda language is very similar to the Kalanga language , which is spoken in Botswana and Zimbabwe .
The extra letters have these Unicode names
The Venda language uses the Latin alphabet .
He was part of the Feyenoord team that won the 2001-02 UEFA Cup .
In his first two seasons at Feyenoord he played 44 matches and scored four goals , but mainly he gave assists for his team mates to score .
He plays as a striker for FC Red Bull Salzburg on loan from NAC Breda .
Leonardo Vitor Santiago ( born 9 March 1983 ) is a Brazilian footballer .
He started at the Nova Safra football school in Rio de Janeiro .
He scored his first goal for the first team versus SC Heerenveen .
2006 he joined NAC Breda .
His talent was discovered when he was 11 years old and he went to Europe and played in Feyenoord Rotterdams youth squads at Varkenoord He made his debut on August 19 , 2000 in a 2-0 victory over AZ Almaar at the age of 17 .
Some scholars identify him with King San in the Book of Song .
was the 17th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
King San sent messengers to the Song Dynasty at least twice in 421 and 425 ; and this historical person was succeeded by his younger brother .
Emperor Richū ( 履中天皇 , Richū-tennō ? )
According to Nihonshoki and Kojiki , he was the first son of Emperor Nintoku .
The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of Emperor Kammu , who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty .
Two of Richū 's grandsons would attain the throne as Emperor Kenzō and as Emperor Ninken .
No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign .
Prince Semien Fielder ( born May 9 , 1984 in Ontario , California ) is an American Major League Baseball player .
He was sent back down but was called up again on August 17 , 2005 where he finished the season with the Brewers and was used as a pinch-hitter .
He currently plays for the Detroit Tigers .
Fielder is a 3-time All Star and is also one of 26 players in the 50 home run club .
His godparents are Prince Bertil , Duke of Halland , Prince Leopold of Bavaria , Queen Margrethe II of Denmark , and Princess Birgitta of Sweden .
Prince Carl Philip of Sweden ( Carl Philip Edmund Bertil ) , born May 13 , 1979 , Duke of Värmland , is the second child of three children and only son of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden .
He was christened at The Royal Palace Church on 31 August 1979 .
Since then , Prince Carl Philip has been second in the line of succession , after his elder sister , Crown Princess Victoria .
High jump is a track and field athletics event in which athletes jump over a horizontal bar placed at measured heights without the aid of any devices .
The men 's world record of 2.45 metres was set in 1993 by Javier Sotomayor ( Cuba ) .
The high jump was first practiced in England in the 19th century .
The women 's world record of 2.09 metres is held by Stefka Kostadinova .
A year later , construction of the Walt Disney World Resort began in Florida .
Arundel Disney was a descendant of Robert d'Isigny , a Frenchman who had traveled to England with William the Conqueror in 1066 .
He died on December 15 , 1966 from lung cancer in Burbank , California .
His great-grandfather , Arundel Elias Disney , had emigrated from Gowran , County Kilkenny , Ireland where he was born in 1801 .
The d'Isigny name was anglicized as `` Disney '' and the family settled in a village now known as Norton Disney , south of the city of Lincoln , in the county of Lincolnshire .
As an extraordinary animator and entrepreneur , Disney was well-known as a film producer and a showman , as well as an innovator in animation and theme park design .
He gave his name to the Disneyland , and Walt Disney World Resort theme parks in the United States , as well as international resorts like Tokyo Disney Resort , Disneyland Paris , and Hong Kong Disneyland .
He received four honorary Academy Awards and won 22 Academy Awards from a total of 59 nominations , including a record four in one year .
He is well known for his influence and contributions to the field of entertainment during the 20th century .
He and his staff created some of the world 's most well-known fictional characters including Mickey Mouse .
His brother Roy Disney inaugurated the Magic Kingdom in 1971 .
The corporation is now known as The Walt Disney Company .
Walter Elias Disney ( December 5 , 1901 - December 15 , 1966 ) was an American business magnate , animator , cartoonist , producer , screenwriter , entrepreneur , and voice actor .
Disney was born on December 5 , 1901 at the address of 2156 North Tripp Avenue in Hermosa , Chicago , Illinois .
After Disney 's death , many rumors were spreading that Disney 's body was not cremated , but it was cryonically frozen , and that his frozen corpse was stored beneath the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disneyland .
Along with his brother Roy Disney , he was the founder of Walt Disney Productions .
FIFA , also known as FIFA Football or FIFA Soccer , is a series of association football video games , released yearly by Electronic Arts .
The series has sold more than 100 million copies .
For example , in many states , schools must have one fire drill per month .
Claims for the earliest definitive evidence of control of fire by a member of Homo range from 0.2 to 1.7 million years ago ( mya ) .
The place was dated through radiocarbon dating to be at 61,000 BP and 110,000 BP through amino acid racemization .
Fire was used to heat silcrete stones to increase their works before they were knapped into tools by Stillbay culture .
There are also burnt stones in the `` Awash Valley '' , but volcanic welded tuff is also in the area .
This clue shows this not only with Stillbay sites that date back to 72,000 BP but sites that could be as old as 164,000 BP .
Many burnt bones were found among Acheulean tools , bone tools , and bones with cut marks that were made by hominids .
The earliest certain evidence of human control of fire was found at Swartkrans , South Africa .
Evidence for the use of fire by Homo erectus beginning some 400,000 years ago has wide scholarly support .
The most powerful evidence comes from Kalambo Falls in Zambia where many things related to the use of fire by humans had been found , like charred wood , charcoal , reddened areas , carbonized grass stems and plants , and wooden implements which may have been hardened by fire .
Making fire also allowed activity into the dark , and gave some protection from predators and insects .
The earliest evidence of humans using fire comes from many archaeological sites in East Africa , like Chesowanja near Lake Baringo , Koobi Fora , and Olorgesailie in Kenya .
In Gadeb , Ethiopia , fragments of welded tuff that seemed to have been burned were found in Locality 8E , but re-firing of the rocks may have happened because of volcanoes erupting nearby .
Some very tiny charcoal was found , but it could have come from a natural brush fire .
It allowed humans to cook food and get warmth and protection .
In the Middle Awash River Valley , cone-shaped depressions of reddish clay were found that could be made by temperatures of 200 ° C. These features are thought to be burned tree stumps such that they would have fire away from their habitation site .
Scientists reheated some of the shards at the site , and found that the clay must have been heated to 400 ° C to harden .
This site also shows some of the earliest evidence of H. erectus eating meat .
These have been found among Acheulean artifacts made by H. erectus .
The evidence at Chesowanja is red clay shards that scientists are 1.42 million years old .
Toothpaste , which often contains fluoride , is commonly added to a toothbrush to help clean the teeth .
Many trees in temperate zones make one growth ring each year , with the newest adjacent to the bark .
Alternating poor and favorable conditions , such as mid summer droughts , can result in several rings forming in a given year .
Thus wood from ancient structures can be matched to known chronologies ( a technique called cross-dating ) and the age of the wood determined precisely .
Following these tree-ring patterns from living trees back through time , chronologies can be built up , both for entire regions , and for sub-regions of the world .
These patterns can be compared and matched ring for ring with trees growing in the same geographical zone and under similar climatic conditions .
A drought year may result in a very narrow one .
Trees from the same region will tend to develop the same patterns of ring widths for a given period .
The maximum for `` fully anchored chronologies '' is a little over 11,000 years from present .
Adequate moisture and a long growing season result in a wide ring .
Missing rings are rare in oak and elm trees : the only recorded instance of a missing ring in oak trees occurred in the year 1816 , also known as the Year Without a Summer .
Through a tree 's life , a year-by-year ring pattern is formed which reflects the climatic conditions in which the tree grew .
Dendrochronology ( word derived from Greek δένδρον , dendron , `` tree limb '' ; χρόνος , khronos , `` time '' ; and - λογία , - logia ) was developed during the first half of the 20th century originally by the astronomer A.E. Douglass , the founder of the Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research at the University of Arizona .
Dendrochronology has three main uses : In some parts of the world , it is possible to date wood back a few thousand years , or even many thousands .
In many types of wood , the time rings were formed can be dated to the exact calendar year .
It is a method of dating which uses the patterns of growth rings in trees .
The climate would be recorded by tree-ring growth patterns .
Francesco Maria Piave ( 18 May 1810 - 5 March 1876 ) was an Italian writer .
Later ( 1859 ) , he worked as a stage director at La Scala in Milan .
Piave and Verdi became very good friends , For twenty years , they wrote many letters to each other .
Cockburn Town is home to the Turks & Caicos National Museum , which is housed in the colonial-era Guinep House , on Front Street .
The town is known for its long , narrow streets and old street lamps .
The seat of government ever since 1766 , Cockburn Town was the first permanent settlement on any of the islands , founded in 1681 by salt collectors who arrived in the Turks and Caicos Islands .
The museum also maintains a garden , which is adjacent to the Guinep House .
The city supposedly lies on the place where Juan Ponce de León first landed on the island .
Cockburn Town is in the Grand Turk Island , the largest island in the Turks Islands archipelago .
Some of the exhibits detail the history of the Lucayans ( the original people of the islands ) , the Space Race , Turks and Caicos postage stamps , slavery and the history of the slave trade , the sisal and salt industries , royal events , as well as a general history of the islands .
Also of interest are the museum 's research projects , including its `` Message in a Bottle '' Project , recording nearly 40 years ' worth of messages found in bottles on the beaches of Grand Turk .
The site was donated to the Museum in 1990 .
Cockburn Town is the capital city of the Turks and Caicos Islands .
Historic 18th and 19th century Bermudian architecture can be seen on Duke and Front Streets in the town .
The closest area where ships can come near the city is Hawk 's Nest Anchorage , which , though protected from the wind , should only be entered in good light because of reefs near the entrance .
Thuringia borders on the German states of Lower Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt , Saxony , Bavaria and Hesse .
The capital is Erfurt .
Resin or Rosin ( Oxford dictionary ) is a hydrocarbon secretion of many plants , particularly coniferous trees , valued for its chemical constituents and uses such as varnishes , adhesives , as an important source of raw materials for organic synthesis , or for incense and perfume .
Fossilized resins are the source of amber .
After he lost his seat in Parliament the party turned to Federal Senators Patrick Lynch , Hugh de Largie and George Pearce for leadership and guidance .
Hughes had taken over as leader of the Australian Labor Party ( ALP ) and Prime Minister when Andrew Fisher resigned in 1915 .
The National Labor Party had to depend on support from the Commonwealth Liberal Party to govern .
It did get support from some trade union officials and Labor Party branches , particularly in Western Australia and Tasmania .
Hughes and his followers formed a minority Government with support from the Commonwealth Liberal Party ( CLP ) led by Joseph Cook .
Hughes still wanted conscription for World War I. On 15 September 1916 the Labor Party in New South Wales forced Hughes from the Labor Party .
It was started by Prime Minister Billy Hughes in November 1916 .
They wanted a new party that would be both socially radical and nationalist .
The National Labor Party in Western Australia started off as two separate groups .
The two joined in April-May 1917 , led by former Premier John Scaddan .
It also held three of 30 Council seats during this period .
In 1917 the two groups joined to form a new party , the Nationalist Party of Australia , with Hughes as leader .
On 14 November 1916 , Hughes and 24 other Labor members walked out of a meeting of the Labor members of parliament .
The words Hmong and Mong refer to an Asian ethnic group .
Hmong people divide themselves into the White Hmong , the Green Hmong , and other smaller groups .
Some Hmong people live in Myanmar .
In the 2010 census , the city had a population of 12,225 .
Most of the city is in Gwinnett County .
Buford is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia .
It is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area .
The town was named after the railroad company 's president , Algernon Sidney Buford .
It is in the northern part of Gwinnett county and in the southern part of Hall county .
The Town of Buford was renamed the City of Buford in 1896 .
Many famous actors during that time period used saddles made by the Bona Allen Company in Buford , including Gene Autry , the case of the television show Bonanza , and Roy Rogers ' horse Trigger .
George Armstrong Custer ( December 5 , 1839 - June 25 , 1876 ) was a United States Army officer and cavalry commander in the American Civil War and the Indian Wars .
Custer graduated last in his class and served at the First Battle of Bull Run as a staff officer for Major General George B. McClellan in the Army of the Potomac 's 1862 Peninsula Campaign .
There were no membership numbers or cards when Hitler joined the party .
The German : Deutsche Arbeiterpartei or German Workers ' Party ( DAP ) , was a political party in Germany just after World War I. It did not last for very long , and became the Nazi Party ( German : Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei , acronym NSDAP ) .
Hitler was the 55th member of the party .
Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories is the second game in the Kingdom Hearts series , and was released in Japan on November 11 , 2004 and in North America on December 7 , 2004 .
It was released together with Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix + in Japan on March 29 , 2007 , and was released as a standalone title in North America on December 2 , 2008 .
Kingdom Hearts Re : Chain of Memories is a reissue of the game made for the PlayStation 2 .
The game starts immediately after the end of Kingdom Hearts .
Baltix has software packages not present in Ubuntu : Baltix can run directly from its live-cd , without installation to a computer 's permanent storage ( hard disk , solid state drive , etc. ) , but also can be installed into a computer 's Linux or Windows partition ( s ) .
The first public versions of Baltix GNU\/Linux were released in 2003 and were based on Knoppix Live CD and Debian software packages , and later , on the Morphix Live CD .
It uses the GNOME desktop environment and is distributed as an installable Live CD .
The main language is Lithuanian .
Baltix GNU\/Linux is a Linux distribution aimed to be a complete , user-friendly operating system for Lithuanian and Latvian people , based on Debian and Ubuntu .
The biggest mortars ever made were the French `` Monster Mortar '' ( 36 French inches ; 975 mm ; developed by Henri-Joseph Paixhans in 1832 ) , Mallet 's Mortar ( 36 inches ; 910 mm ; designed by Robert Mallet and tested by the Woolwich Arsenal , London , in 1857 ) and the `` Little David '' ( 36 inches ; 914.4 mm ; developed in the United States for use in World War II ) .
The Provisional Irish Republican Army used some of the best-known examples during the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s .
Heavy mortars are usually between 120 - and 300-mm calibre .
A bigger example is the Soviet 2S4 M1975 Tyulpan ( tulip flower ) 240 mm self-propelled mortar .
Prime Minister John Major had to move to Admiralty House while the windows were being fixed .
A mortar can be moved around by one or more people ( bigger mortars can usually be broken down into parts ) or moved around in a vehicle .
The biggest types came to be known as `` barracks busters '' .
However , only the `` Monster Mortar '' was used ( at the Battle of Antwerp in 1832 ) .
Well-known events using `` home-made '' mortars include the 1985 Newry mortar attack .
The Raschen Bag can be used to avoid this problem .
However , mortars both bigger and smaller than this have been made .
`` Home-made '' mortars have been used by insurgent groups .
In this , the IRA mortared 10 Downing Street during a meeting .
The tube is usually set at between 45 and 90 degrees angle to the ground .
When the bomb reaches the bottom of the tube it hits a firing pin .
Some larger mortars have a firing pin that is set off by using a string instead of automatically .
It landed in the back garden of the British Prime Minister 's house .
Mortars used today are made up of a tube that a gunner drops a bomb into .
This is because the recoil pushes them into the ground .
An infantry mortar can usually be set up and fired from a mortar-carrier .
A mortar is quite simple and easy to use .
A mortar is an artillery weapon which fires explosive shells .
Some of these are : Mortars are usually smaller and lighter than howitzers and field guns .
From the 18th to the early 20th century , very heavy siege mortars were used .
The national flag of Ireland ( Irish : bratach na hÉireann ) is a tricolor vertical flag of green , white , and orange .
The origin of the term `` G-string '' is not fully known .
It can be worn as a swimwear or underwear by both men and women .
The colors in the ribbon are crimson , which represents federation , and blue and gold for the beginning of the 21st Century .
The seven gold and red lines signify the states ' pathways to federation .
The Centenary Medal is an award given by the Australian Government in 2001 .
At the center of the star is an image showing the Indigenous Australian traditions at the heart of the continent .
It was set up to celebrate the Centenary of Federation of Australia and to honor people who have made a contribution to Australian society or government .
Around the edge are 100 dots for 100 years of federation .
The front of the medal has a seven-pointed Commonwealth Star , for the six Australian states , with the seventh point for Australia 's territories .
The other side has a seven pointed star , with the words `` For Contribution Made to Australian Society '' around the edge .
Possible winners were studied by a group headed by the historian Professor Geoffrey Blainey .
The bar and ribbon are the same so that a person with the award can be recognized easily .
The eastern side of the bay , consisting of Alameda and Contra Costa counties , is known locally as the East Bay .
The region north of the Golden Gate Bridge is known locally as the North Bay .
This area includes many small cities and suburban communities in San Mateo County and the northwestern part of Santa Clara County , as well as several towns along the Pacific coast , such as Pacifica and Half Moon Bay .
The East Bay is split into two regions , the inner East Bay , which is on the coast of the Bay , and the outer East Bay , including the inland valleys separated from the inner East Bay by hills and mountains .
This area includes Marin County and continues north into Sonoma and Napa counties and east to Solano County .
The San Francisco Bay Area , also known as the Bay Area , is a metropolitan area that goes around the San Francisco Bay in Northern California .
The area between the South Bay and the City and County of San Francisco is the San Francisco Peninsula , known locally as The Peninsula .
The communities along the southern edge of the Bay are known as the South Bay , Santa Clara Valley , and Silicon Valley .
The Bay Area includes cities , towns , military bases , airports , and related regional , state , and national parks .
With some exceptions , this region is quite rich : Marin County is listed as the wealthiest in the nation .
Edward `` Eddie '' McKay Cheever , Jr. ( born January 10 , 1958 in Phoenix , Arizona ) is an American racing driver who raced for almost thirty years in Formula One , Sports cars , CART and the Indy Racing League .
Cheever participated in 143 World Championship Formula One races and started 132 , more than any other American , driving for nine different teams from 1978 through 1989 .
In 1997 , he formed his own IRL team and won the Indianapolis 500 as both owner and driver in 1998 .
The team now competes in sports cars .
`` After five rejections '' , its first edition as a book was published by Doubleday , Page & Company on February 28 , 1906 , and it became an immediate best seller and has been in print ever since .
The Jungle is a 1906 novel written by journalist Upton Sinclair .
The manganese is in its +7 oxidation state .
Cellular phone use is very common throughout the country .
The prefix for international calls from Albania is 00 ( for example for an United States number 00 1 ... should be dialed ) .
Below is an explanation when dialing a Tirana number : Albania has the lowest rate of telephone use in Europe .
The song is also featured on Beyoncé 's B'Day Deluxe Edition with more of Beyoncé 's vocals and less of Jay-Z 's under the title `` Welcome To Hollywood '' .
The video is played as an interlude on Beyoncé 's B'Day Tour , The Beyoncé Experience .
It is the seat of Bristol County and the hub of the Greater Taunton Area .
Taunton is a city in Bristol County , Massachusetts , United States .
It is considered one of the best grounds in the subcontinent .
The ground is a state of the art stadium .
The ground was originally built for football and athletics .
he ground hosted its first Test match on 25 May 2007 .
it is able to host Day\/night cricket matches .
The stadium hosted 4 group matches and 2 quarter finals during the 2011 Cricket World Cup .
Sher-e-Bangla Cricket Stadium or Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium ( SBNS ) ( Bengali : শের - ই-ব াংলা জাতীয় ক্রিকেট স্টেডিয়াম ) is a cricket stadium in Bangladesh .
It is the 3rd tallest building in Macon , Georgia , at 200 feet ( 61 m ) to the tip .
It has a white Carrara marble altar and pulpit .
It was listed on the NRHP on July 14 , 1971 .
The same year , she married the Italian dancer Ludovico Casagli , and got the name Justina Casagli .
Justina Kristina Casagli , ( 1794-1841 ) , was a famous singer and actor .
She left Sweden with her husband in 1818 and went to Italy .
When she graduated in 1812 , she began to work at the theater Royal Swedish Opera .
The last years , she lived in Parma , where she died after she had fallen from a window .
While the child of one of Sulla 's surrogates was chosen by the adult organizers to lead one of the `` teams , '' the team refused to follow him because of his character , and when they were finally asked whom they would follow , the boys unanimously chose Cato .
Cato the Younger ( Marcus Porcius Cato Uticensis , 95 BC , Rome - April 46 BC , Utica ) was a politician and statesman in the late Roman Republic , and a follower of the Stoic philosophy .
During a Roman ritual military game , called `` Troy '' , in which all aristocratic teenagers participated as a sort of `` coming of age '' ceremony , a mock battle with wooden weapons was performed on horseback .
He is remembered for his stubbornness and for his lengthy conflict with Julius Caesar .
He is the older brother of naturalist David Attenborough .
Hon. Richard Attenborough , Baron Attenborough , CBE ( born 29 August 1923 ) is an English movie producer , director and actor .
It was written by Franke Previte , John DeNicola , and Donald Markowitz .
The song reached number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in November 1987 for one week .
In ( 1912 he joined Kiev University where he was taught by Vladimir Puchalsky , Sergei Tarnowsky , and Felix Blumenfeld .
His most famous early records were Rachmaninoff 's Piano Concerto No. 3 with Albert Coates and the London Symphony Orchestra ( the first time that piece was recorded ) and Franz Liszt 's Sonata in B minor .
When World War II started in 1939 , Horowitz decided to live in the U. S. He became an American citizen in 1944 .
He is often said to be one of the best pianists of the 20th century .
He made his television debut on September 22nd , 1968 , in a concert at Carnegie Hall .
Horowitz stopped playing concerts four times ( 1936 to 1938 , 1953 to 1965 , 1969 to 1974 , and 1983 to 1985 ) , as he was unsure that he was good enough , even when he was popular .
He then played in many other places , such as Berlin , Paris , and London .
`` long-chinned snake '' ) .
The Chinese cobra ( Naja atra ) , also called Taiwan cobra , is a species of cobra in the Elapidae family , found mostly in southern China and a couple of neighboring nations and islands .
`` Spectacled snake '' refers to the markings which the snake may at times have on the back of the hood that resemble eyeglasses .
In Taiwanese , the snake is known as pn̄g - sî-chhèng ( 飯匙倩 \/ 銃 , lit .
Naja atra was first described by Danish physician , zoologist , and botanist Theodore Edward Cantor in 1842 .
The specific epithet atra comes from the Latin term ater , which means `` dark '' , `` black '' , or `` gloomy '' .
The dorsal color of the Chinese cobra is usually brown , gray or black , with or without narrow , light transverse lines at irregular intervals which are especially prominent in juveniles .
The eyes are medium-sized and the iris is a dark dirty yellow dappled with gray-black or blue-black and the pupil is round and jet black .
There is some variation in the color of the ventral body and tail : it may be white to gray , dark gray mottled with white , or blackish .
This medium-sized snake is usually 1.2 to 1.5 metres ( 3.9 to 4.9 ft ) long , but they can grow to a maximum length of 2 metres ( 6.6 ft ) though this is rare .
`` Chinese spectacled snake '' , i.e. Chinese cobra ) , Zhōushān yǎnjìngshé ( 舟山眼鏡蛇 , lit .
This is a heavy bodied snake , the body is slightly flattened , and may be significantly flattened when threatened , and it has a short tail .
The upper head is usually the same color as the tail and dorsal part of the body , while the sides of the head are lighter in color .
In Mandarin Chinese , the snake is known as Zhōnghuá yǎnjìngshé ( 中華眼鏡蛇 , lit .
`` Zhoushan spectacled snake '' , i.e. Zhoushan cobra ) or , in Guangdong and Hong Kong , fànchǎntóu ( 飯鏟頭 , lit .
The ventral head and neck are white to light gray or light orange in color .
The dorsal scales are smooth and glossy , while the dorsolateral scales are strongly oblique .
The nostrils of this species are large and prominent .
Like other elapids , this is a proteroglyphous snake with fangs that are permanently erect and are located at the anterior of the upper jaw .
Specimens with other colors on their dorsal surface , such as white , yellow or brown do occur .
It is one of the most prevalent venomous snakes in Taiwan , which has caused snakebite incidents to humans .
The generic name naja is a Latinisation of the Sanskrit word nāgá ( नाग ) meaning `` cobra '' .
`` spectacled snake '' , i.e. cobra ) , or tn̂g - ām-chôa ( 長頷蛇 , lit .
The head on this species is broad , slightly triangular in shape and is slightly distinct from the neck .
The abdominal surface is pearl or slaty colored .
`` rice paddle head '' ) .
The populations in different geographic regions of Taiwan reveal a unique composition of ventral colouration : the eastern population is exclusively blackish ( 100 % ) , the central and southern populations are mainly white to gray ( both 80 % ) , and the proportions of blackish and white-gray morphs in the northern population are 60 % and 30 % , respectively .
There may be irregular or scattered crosslines of white to light gray along the upper body and a spectacle marking on the hood , however , the hood markings may vary from partial figures to asymmetrical patterns .
`` rice paddle ? '' )
Naja atra is iridescent black with a number of distant transversal double lines of a yellow color .
A metal wristband on a watch is often called a bracelet .
There are many different types of wristband .
Charles I of England ( 19 November 1600 - 30 January 1649 ) , was the monarch of the three kingdoms of England , Scotland , and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649 .
He was married to Henrietta Maria of France .
Flowers are the reproductive structure of flowering plants , which are plants of the division Magnoliophyta , also called the Angiosperms .
The Ninety-Five Theses on the Power of Indulgences , commonly known as The Ninety-Five Theses , was written by Martin Luther .
The King 's Gambit is a chess opening which starts with these moves : The opening is called a gambit because White sacrifices a pawn .
Inhabitants of Saint-Denis are called Dionysiens .
Denis ' tomb became a place of worship .
During the French Revolution in 1793 , the city was renamed Franciade , and the royal necropolis was looted and destroyed .
It used to be a village called Catolacus .
Saint Denis has a very high crime rate .
In 1998 , the Stade de France was built .
Saint-Denis used to be an industrial suburb , but its reconverting its economic base .
During the Second World War , the Germans occupied Saint-Denis from June 13 , 1940 .
Saint Denis , the first bishop of Paris , was martyred in about 250 AD .
Saint-Denis is home to the Saint Denis Basilica .
Saint-Denis is a city and commune in the north suburbs of Paris , France .
The town was liberated by General Leclerc on August 27 .
Extreme Noise Terror ( often abbreviated to ENT ) are a British crust punk \/ grindcore band originally formed in Ipswich , England in 1985 .
They also recorded a number of sessions for BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel .
In fact , the rate of preterm births in the United States has increased 30 % in the past two decades .
The names `` East Indian '' and `` South Asian '' are used for people who originate from India , to tell them apart from the First Nations peoples of Canada who are often called Indian , and from the people of the Caribbean , who are sometimes called West Indian .
In September 2007 , researchers found quill knobs on the forearm of a Velociraptor found in Mongolia .
These bumps on bird wing bones show where feathers anchor , and their presence on Velociraptor indicate it too had feathers .
The feathers of the flightless Velociraptor may have been used for display , for covering their nests while brooding .
Turner and colleagues interpreted the presence of feathers on Velociraptor as evidence that the ancestors of dromaeosaurids could fly , making Velociraptor and other large members of this family secondarily flightless .
Velociraptor was warm blooded and had feathers .
Heine continued to comment on German politics and society from a distance .
Heine left Germany for Paris , France in 1831 .
Heine himself said , his conversion was `` the ticket of admission into European culture '' .
Christian Johann Heinrich Heine ( born as Harry Heine 13 December 1797-17 February 1856 ) was one of the most significant German poets of the 19th century .
Heine was born into an assimilated Jewish family in Düsseldorf , Germany .
Heine is best known for his lyric poetry , much of which was set to music by lieder composers , esp .
Tinky Winky , ( played by Dave Thompson , Mark Heenehan , and Simon Shelton ) , is the first Teletubby .
Dipsy ( played by John Simmit ) is the second Teletubby .
, based on the show 's theme song , which reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in December 1997 and remained in the Top 75 for 32 weeks , selling over a million copies .
A girl 's talking Po doll was thought to be saying `` faggot faggot '' as well as `` fatty , fatty '' .
The show remained in production for three more years , and released a single , `` Teletubbies say ` Eh-oh ! ' ''
He is the largest of the Teletubbies , is purple , and has a triangular antenna on his head .
In 2001 , production of the show was canceled and it was announced that no new episodes would be produced .
The toy was recalled and it was revealed to have said `` fidit , fidit , '' inspired by the Cantonese for `` faster , faster . ''
He is green and is called `` Dipsy '' because his horn looks like a dipstick .
Teletubbies is a BBC BAFTA award-winning children 's television program , mostly made for toddlers , and produced from 31 March 1997 , to 5 January 2001 by Ragdoll Productions , with a total of 365 episodes .
He is notable for a magic red hand luggage bag ( described by the show as the Bag , but often described by other media as the Handbag ) he always carries .
It was created by Anne Wood and Andrew Davenport , who wrote each of the show 's 365 episodes .
( Supporters of the interpretation of Tinky Winky as gay pride symbol might take this as evidence . )
Dipsy is the most stubbon of the Teletubbies , and will sometimes refuse to go along with the other Teletubbies ' group opinion .
They can be made of plastic or glass .
Due to the principle of microscopic reversibility , there is a parallel set of `` retro '' pericyclic reactions , which perform the reverse reaction .
A large photoinduced hydrogen sigmatropic shift was utilized in a corrin synthesis performed by Albert Eschenmoser containing a 16π system .
Pericyclic reactions are usually rearrangement reactions .
Many pericyclic reactions have similar stepwise radical processes connected with them .
Pericyclic reactions also happen in several biological processes :
In the case of pericyclic reactions , the transition state of the molecule is a ring ( has a cyclic geometry ) , and the reaction goes forward in a concerted way .
For example , it is not definitively known whether the ( 2 +2 ) cycloaddition mechanism is concerted ( or may depend on the reactive system ) .
However , it is possible to push the reaction in one direction if the product is at a significantly lower energy level .
Many pericyclic reactions have similar reactions that are metal-catalyzed .
Ranford 's post-draft year , 1985-86 , was an eventful one , as Ranford was named to the WHL Second All-Star Team , and saw his first NHL action after the WHL season ended , winning three of four games for Boston , before going 0-2 in the playoffs .
The Wendel Clark trade made the Bill Ranford deal happen .
Ranford ( 14 saves ) and Grant Fuhr ( 11 saves ) took turns in goal and held the Montreal Canadiens alumni team scoreless in a 2-0 victory .
Ranford went on to play the next six seasons in Edmonton , before being dealt back to the Boston Bruins on January 11 , 1996 for Mariusz Czerkawski , Sean Brown , and a 1st Round Pick in the 1996 Entry Draft ( Matthieu Descoteaux ) .
After less than two seasons with Boston , Ranford was dealt to the Washington Capitals on March 1 , 1997 with Adam Oates and Rick Tocchet for Jason Allison , Anson Carter , Jim Carey , a conditional draft pick in the 1998 Entry Draft , and a 3rd Round Pick in the 1997 Entry Draft ( Lee Goren ) .
The replacement of Bruins coach Butch Goring with Terry O'Reilly led to Ranford falling out of favor , and eventually being dealt on March 8 , 1988 from the Boston Bruins with Geoff Courtnall to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for Andy Moog .
He is also a part-owner of the Coquitlam Express of the British Columbia Hockey League ( Tier II Junior ) .
He played for local teams in Portage la Prairie , Manitoba , Prince Edward Island and Red Deer , Alberta .
On July 10 , 2006 he was named the goaltending coach of the Los Angeles Kings and continues to hold that position .
On June 18 , 1998 , he was dealt to the Tampa Bay Lightning for a 2nd Round Pick in the 1999 Entry Draft and a 3rd Round Pick in the 1998 Entry Draft ( Todd Hornung ) .
As a child , Ranford took figure skating lessons , before eventually decided to go into goaltending .
Ranford won his first Stanley Cup in 1988 , as the backup to Grant Fuhr .
Ranford spent his junior career with the New Westminster Bruins , playing two seasons with the team before being drafted by the Boston Bruins in the 3rd round ( 52nd overall ) in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft .
However , in 1990 despite constant comparisons to the injured Fuhr , Ranford emerged as a first-rate goaltender , leading the Oilers to the Stanley Cup and winning the Conn Smythe Trophy ( playoff MVP ) in the process .
Ranford acted in the movie Miracle , performing the on-ice scenes as the goaltender for Team USA , Jim Craig , while Eddie Cahill performed the off-ice scenes .
To start the next year , Boston assigned him to the Moncton Golden Flames of the AHL , where he went 3-0 to start the season , and wound up spending the rest of the year with Boston .
He was selected in the third round of the 1985 NHL Entry Draft , 52nd overall , by the Boston Bruins .
Ranford also played net for the Edmonton Oilers alumni team at the Heritage Classic , the first outdoor regular season game in NHL history .
Because his father was in the armed forces , Ranford lived in Germany for a few years , as well as various places in Canada .
Over the course of fifteen NHL seasons , Ranford would play with Boston , the Edmonton Oilers , Washington Capitals , Tampa Bay Lightning , and Detroit Red Wings , winning two Stanley Cups , a Canada Cup , and the 1994 Hockey World Championships while playing for Canada .
It was the last cup that the Edmonton Oilers dynasty would win .
The prior trade brought Wendel Clark and a draft pick to the Detroit Red Wings and Goaltender Kevin Hodson and a draft pick to the Tampa Bay Lightning .
He graduated from New Westminster Secondary School in 1985 .
He began the season with the Tampa Bay Lightning , but was traded to the Detroit Red Wings on March 23 , 1999 for a conditional draft pick .
Following the trade , he spent most of the next season with the AHL 's Maine Mariners , but that would be the last time he would play at the minor-league level .
Bill served as the Goalie Coach for the WHL Vancouver Giants for the 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 seasons .
His final year in the NHL was 2000 , where Ranford returned to Edmonton as a free-agent backing up Tommy Salo before announcing his retirement on April 24 .
William Edward Ranford ( born December 14 , 1966 in Brandon , Manitoba ) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender .
The 1948 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad , were held at London in the United Kingdom .
These were the first Summer Olympics to be held since the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin , because no Games were held during World War II .
Brine is also used to transport heat .
In 1908 and 1912 , Australia competed with New Zealand under the name Australasia .
Australia has sent athletes to almost all of the modern Olympic Games .
Australia has competed in every Summer Olympic Games , and most Winter Olympic Games .
The Australia National Olympic Committee was formed in 1895 .
It is at the western edge of a conurbation consisting of Camborne , Pool and Redruth .
The population of Camborne was 20,010 at the 2001 census .
It is no longer an industrial town but the Camborne and Redruth district was formerly one of the richest tin mining areas in the world .
Amritsar is in the state of Punjab , India , 32 km east of Lahore , Pakistan .
The city has been famous for many events in history , one of these was the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre of 1919 under British Rule when a lot of people were killed by British troops .
It was released on October 25 , 2005 charting at # 1 on the Billboard album chart , and at # 6 on the UK album chart .
It is the best selling greatest-hits album by a female group .
# 1 's is a compilation album released by R&B group Destiny 's Child .
Arthur Sarkissian ( born 11 May 1960 ) is an Armenian artist and painter .
His work can be seen in the Public Collection of the Museum of Modern Art in Yerevan .
These are some of Sarkissian 's works : These exhibitions had only Sarkissian 's art work in them : Lots of other exhibitions in Europe and America have included Sarkissian 's work together with other artists ' work , including :
In 2005 he said that his way of painting was because he wanted to free himself from `` Socialist Realism '' . ''
He now lives and works in the city of Yerevan in Armenia .
His paintings put together oil paint , silkscreen printing , words , photographs and parts of other paintings , and other materials .
Together , Geoffrey and Ermengarde had :
Geoffrey II , de Château-Landon ( born c. 1000 - died 1043-46 ) was was a French nobleman and the Count of Gâtinais .
She was the daughter of Aubry II of Mâcon .
c. 1035 he married Ermengarde-Blanche of Anjou , daughter of Fulk III Nerra .
Pirandello 's works include novels , hundreds of short stories , and about 40 plays , some of which are written in Sicilian .
Pirandello 's tragic farces are often seen as forerunners for Theatre of the Absurd .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1934 , for his `` bold and brilliant renovation of the drama and the stage '' .
Luigi Pirandello ( Agrigento 28 June 1867 - Rome 10 December 1936 ) was an Italian playwrights , novelist , and short story writer .
Bladen County is a member of the regional Lumber River Council of Governments .
Its county seat is Elizabethtown .
Bladen County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
These counties are connected to Bladen County : These cities and towns are in Bladen County :
It is the only member of the genus Phyllopteryx .
It is found in water 3 to 50 m deep around the south coast of Australia , from Port Stephens , New South Wales to Geraldton , Western Australia .
In the November 2006 , the National Geographic magazine , reported that marine biologist Greg Rouse is looking at the DNA of the two sea dragon species .
The Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach , California , Melbourne Aquarium in Australia , and the Tennessee Aquarium in Chattanooga , Tennessee , are the only places in the world to have bred weedy sea dragons , though others have been able to get them to lay eggs .
They feed on tiny crustaceans and other zooplankton , which they suck into the end of their long tube-like nose .
Kaskaskia is located at 37 ° 55 ′ 17 ″ N 89 ° 54 ′ 59 ″ W \/ 37.921395 ° N 89.916467 ° W \/ 37.921395 ; -89.916467 .
By 1950 only 112 people lived in Kaskaskia .
The brick church was built in 1843 in the squared-off French style .
Its peak population was about 7,000 before the capital moved in 1819 to Vandalia .
River banks became unstable and collapsed into the water .
The state boundary line , however , remained in its original location .
The parish rang the church bell in celebration , which has since been called the `` liberty bell '' .
By 2000 , with a only nine residents , Kaskaskia was almost a ghost town and the least populous incorporated community in the State of Illinois .
However , the village is only a small part of Kaskaskia Precinct , which includes all of Randolph County 's land west of the Mississippi .
In 1993 the Mississippi River almost completely flooded the island .
The river now passes east rather than west of the town .
In 1733 , the French built Fort Kaskaskia .
Kaskaskia is a village in Randolph County , Illinois , United States .
Although introduction of steamboats on the Mississippi River helped the economies of river towns in the 19th century , their use also had devastating environmental effects .
As the Mississippi continued to flow through its new bed , earth was deposited so that the village became physically attached to the west bank of the river , which is in the state of Missouri .
King Louis XV sent a bell to Kaskaskia in 1741 for its church .
But from St. Louis to the junction of the Ohio River , the Mississippi became wider and more shallow , with more severe flooding .
The French also had a fur trading post at the village .
In 1893 , the people of the town moved and rebuilt the Church of the Immaculate Conception on Kaskaskia Island .
The first stone church was built in 1714 .
The flood of 1881 destroyed the original town , and the Mississippi shifted into the channel of the Kaskaskia River , passing east instead of west of the town .
Parts of the town were rebuilt in the new area .
Much of Kaskaskia and other French colonial towns have been lost through flooding and erosion .
In 1718 Kaskaskia became the capital of Upper Louisiana and a fort , Fort de Chartres , was built .
Kaskaskia became the capital of the Illinois Territory on February 3 , 1809 .
In 2010 the population was only 14 , making it the second-smallest incorporated community in Illinois .
The bell is housed in a brick building near the Church of the Immaculate Conception .
The site of Kaskaskia had been a Native American village for thousands of years .
The town was flooded with nine feet of water by the Great Flood of 1993 , which reached the roofs of the buildings .
On July 4 1778 , during the American Revolution , the city was captured by George Rogers Clark and his force of 200 men including Captain Leonard Helm .
Many French-speaking people from Kaskaskia and other colonial towns moved west of the Mississippi to Ste. Genevieve , St. Louis , and other areas .
The town was named after the Native American word for the Kaskaskia River .
Its peak population was about 7,000 when it was a regional center .
From its beginning , Kaskaskia was a French\/Indian settlement , with a few French men and many Illinois and other Native Americans .
The explorer Claude Charles Du Tisne set up trade relations with the Plains Indians in 1719 .
French settlers came to farm and mine lead on the Missouri side of the river .
During French rule , Kaskaskia and the other farming settlements in the Illinois Country were important for supplying Lower Louisiana , especially New Orleans , with wheat and corn .
The French wanted to trade with all the Prairie tribes , and with the Spanish colony in New Mexico .
By 1970 the population had fallen to 79 , and it continued to fall to 33 in 1980 .
As a center of the regional economy , Kaskaskia was the capital of Illinois Territory from 1809 until Illinois became a state in 1818 .
Loss of trees ( Deforestation ) along the river banks was caused by steamboat crews ' cutting trees to feed the engine fires .
The original site became an island , surrounded by the Mississippi River .
It has a bridge to carry traffic over it .
Kaskaskia Precinct has a land area of 24.037 square miles ( 62.255 km ² ) and a 2000 census population of 36 persons .
The British destroyed the fort in 1763 during the French and Indian War .
Farmers sent tons of flour south over the years .
Most were Illinois , who lived somewhat apart from the Europeans .
Following the Great Flood of 1844 , Kaskaskia was rebuilt to the south .
It offers adult degree programs at professional , undergraduate and graduate levels .
It has no recognized educational accreditation in any of these places .
Bircham is not accredited by any accreditation agency recognized by United States authorities .
It is registered in Spain and Delaware .
Bircham International University is a private independent institution of higher education via distance education .
It is listed as a member of the European Foundation for Quality in eLearning , a membership organization that does not engage in educational accreditation .
In the past it operated from the Bahamas or the United Kingdom .
By the middle of nineteenth century , Ayyavazhi had come to be recognized as a separate religion , grown well in the region of South Travancore and South Tirunelveli .
The holy books of Ayyavazhi are the Akilattirattu Ammanai and the Arul Nool , and they are the source of the religion 's mythology .
At that time the Payyan dynasty started ruling of Swamithoppe pathi , while other Pathis came under the control of the followers of Ayya .
Currently Bala Prajapathi Adikalar , one of descendant of Payyan dynasty is said to be as the leader of Ayyavazhi .
The ideas and philosophy of the religion are based on the teachings of Ayya Vaikundar and the religious texts Akilattirattu Ammanai and Arul Nool .
The list of Pathis announced by the headquarters of Ayyavazhi does not add Avatharappathi .
It contains the prayers , hymns and ways for the worship in Ayyavazhi , religious practices , prophesies and also many rules .
The holy book states that the Akilattirattu Ammanai was written down by Hari Gopalan Citar by hearing the contents of Akilam told by Narayana to his wife Lakshmi .
To the Ayyavazhi devotees , there are five holy places , called Pathis , with `` Panchappathis '' as the most important .
And now seeing the growth of the religion the day of birth of Vaikundar , Ayya Vaikunda Avataram was announced as a holiday by the government for the districts of Tirunelveli and Tuticorin from this year while the district of Kanyakumari was announced as a holiday earlier .
Hundreds of Nizhal Thangals ( places of worship ) were built across the country .
Although the majority of these followers were from the Chanar cast , apart from Ayyavazhi sources , some outer sources too says that a large number of people from other castes also followed this religion .
Charles , Prince of Wales opened the new gallery on 12 April 2000 .
On April 30 , 1983 Muddy Waters died in his sleep from Heart Failure , at his home in Westmont , Illinois .
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listed four songs of Muddy Waters of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll .
McKinley Morganfield ( April 4 , 1913 - April 30 , 1983 ) , or Muddy Waters , was an American blues musician and is considered `` the Father of Chicago blues '' .
U.S. Postage Stamp
The music was used in movies ( especially in longtime fan Martin Scorsese 's movies , including The Color of Money , Casino and Goodfellas ) .
Muddy Waters was born in Rolling Fork , Mississippi .
Christendom or the Christian world , , in the widest sense , means Christianity as a territorial phenomenon .
In Western Punjab , the beats of dhol have been an element in the ceremonies of the great Sufi mystics and their followers .
The patterns of dhol have been developed to catalyze the mind of the devotee as is seeking spiritual trance .
Traditionally the Punjabi dhol has been the domain of men .
Someone who plays the Dhol is known as Dholi ( Urdu : دھولی ) .
Most of them were sent to Sephardic synagogues in Israel .
But even during the fighting , Yasser Arafat 's PLO forces and the Christian Phalangists did protect Wadi Abu Jamil during the 1982 Lebanon War .
In 1976 , a year after the civil war began , Joseph Farhi took the Torah scrolls from the synagogue to Geneva .
This was to keep view of the beach nearby .
Wayne Gretzky has won this trophy ten times , the most of any player .
The Art Ross Trophy is given to the top scoring player each year in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Gordie Howe and Mario Lemieux each won six trophies ; Phil Esposito and Jaromir Jagr won five ; Stan Mikita won four ; and Bobby Hull and Guy Lafleur each won it three times .
His first marriage was to Mary Birge .
In 1965 , Mickey , only , would have the lead role in Bloody Pit of Horror .
Together they had a daughter Tina Hargitay ( b. 1949 ) .
In the episode `` Control '' ( 2003 ) , Hargitay played a man on a subway station escalator who witnesses the aftermath of a brutal assault .
They had three children : Miklós Jeffrey Palmer Hargitay ( b. December , 21 1958 ) , Zoltán Anthony Hargitay ( b. August 1 , 1960 ) , and Mariska Magdolna Hargitay ( called Maria , b. January 23 , 1964 ) .
Mariska 's character , Olivia Benson , is later seen interviewing him .
In 1960 , Jayne and Mickey would play the lead roles in The Loves of Hercules .
Hargitay 's last acting appearance was in an episode of his daughter Mariska 's series , Law & Order : Special Victims Unit .
( 1957 ) .
He died in Los Angeles on September 14 , 2006 , aged 80 , from multiple myeloma .
The Los Angeles Times noted in Hargitay 's obituary :
Hargitay and Mansfield married on January 13 , 1958 .
Hargitay 's first movie role came when Jayne Mansfield demanded he have a part in her newest movie , Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
Hargitay became NABBA Mr. Universe in 1955 .
( 1963 ) , and L'Amore Primitivo ( 1964 ) .
The divorce was recognized in the United States on August 26 , 1964 .
Over the next few years Mickey and Jayne , together , would appear in , Promises !
( 1957 ) , The Loves of Hercules ( 1960 ) , Promises !
20th Century Fox did n't want Hargitay in Rock Hunter , because they hated Mansfield 's idea of Hargitay as her `` only '' lover .
Hargitay remodeled much of his and Mansfield 's Beverly Hills mansion , `` The Pink Palace '' .
In May 1963 , Mickey and Jayne divorced in Mexico .
During their marriage , Hargitay and Mansfield made four movies together .
They divorced on September 6 , 1956 .
When Jayne saw Mickey on the stage , she told the waiter , `` I 'll have a steak and that tall man on the left . ''
In November 2002 , the house was razed by developers .
After Mariska 's birth , Mansfield sued for the Mexican divorce to be declared legal .
After Mansfield 's death in a car crash on June 29 , 1967 , Hargitay sued Jayne 's estate for over $ 5,000 to support the children .
The two had met the year before at The Mae West Show at the Latin Quarter nightclub .
He begin bodybuilding after seeing a magazine cover of Steve Reeves .
Hargitay married Ellen Siano in September 1967 .
He is the father of actress Mariska Hargitay .
Miklós `` Mickey '' Hargitay ( January 6 , 1926 - September 14 , 2006 ) was an actor and Mr. Universe 1955 .
The two fell head over heels in love .
He is the first to receive the Joe Weider Lifetime Achievement Award .
The movie was shot in Italy .
Hargitay was born and raised in Hungary .
The divorce was ruled invalid .
He was soccer player and a speed skater .
He was an underground fighter during World War II .
He was on the Ginny Simms radio show .
In 1967 , the program got the first Emmy Award for Individual Achievement in Daytime Television from the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences .
In 1950 , he was the singing voice of Prince Charming in Walt Disney 's Cinderella .
The show helped show entertainers for the first time , like Barbra Streisand and Aretha Franklin .
In the 1950s Douglas , who was living in Burbank , California , tried to keep his singing job going .
Then , he became a singer in the big band of Kay Kyser .
He next showed up in 1961 in Cleveland , where a Chicago friend hired him for $ 400 a week as an afternoon television host at WKYC-TV .
It earned $ 10.5 million from advertisers .
He was singing on a Lake Michigan dinner cruise ship when he was a teenager .
By 1967 , The Mike Douglas Show had 6,000,000 viewers each day , mostly women .
Douglas was born in Chicago , Illinois , and began singing as a choirboy .
His wife Genevieve , daughters Kelly and twins Michele and Christine lived after him .
After being in the United States Navy for a short time , he moved to Los Angeles .
The Mike Douglas Show quickly got popular and had national broadcasting in August 1963 .
He came down with prostate cancer in 1990 , but after surgery he was cancer-free .
Water polo is a team game .
Each team has six field players and one goalkeeper .
Because the amount of time spent on fouls or out throws is not counted in the quarter time , an average quarter really lasts around 12 minutes .
Until the Meiji Restoration , Fukushima prefecture was known as Mutsu Province .
Fukushima Prefecture ( 福島県 , Fukushima-ken ? )
It is part of the Tōhoku region on the island of Honshu .
The capital city , Fukushima , is in this area .
Joe Sinicki of Blast Magazine comments : `` While it still does suffer from some of the problems of the older games , Mario Kart Wii takes the simple and accessible formula set by its predecessors and tweaks it enough to make it feel fresh and fun , creating one of the most entertaining and rewarding gaming experiences in quite some time . ''
Mario Kart Wii ( マリオカートWii , Mario Kāto Wī ? )
The game was released in every country throughout April 2008 , but one year later in South Korea .
Mario Kart Wii features 16 new tracks , plus 16 from previous games in the series , and is bundled with the Wii Wheel .
Mario Kart Wii has 24 selectable Nintendo characters , more than any of the other Mario games .
It is the sixth installment in the Mario Kart series and the second Mario Kart title to use the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection .
There are eight characters of each weight class .
In the UK , Mario Kart Wii was the best-selling video game in the week ending April 12 , 2008 , having `` the eighth biggest opening sales week in UK software history , '' according to Chart-Track\/ELSPA .
Though officially known as the House of Romanov , these descendants of the Romanov and Oldenburg Houses are sometimes referred to as Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov .
The later history of the Imperial House is sometimes referred to as the House of Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov .
The Duke of Holstein-Gottorp , who was from a younger branch of the Oldenburgs , married into the Romanov family in the mid-eighteenth century .
The House of Romanov ( Russian : Рома́нов ) was the second and last imperial dynasty to rule over Russia .
Dorothy Parker ( August 22 , 1893 - June 7 , 1967 ) was an American poet , short story writer , critic and satirist .
Nevertheless , her writing and reputation for her sharp wit have endured .
From an unhappy childhood , Parker rose to fame , both for her writing in The New Yorker and as a founding member of the Algonquin Round Table .
She got two Academy Award nominations for this , but her involvement in left-wing politics put her on the Hollywood blacklist in the 1950s .
After the breakup of the circle , Parker went to Hollywood to do screenwriting .
Japanese haiku are normally written in one line , while English language haiku are traditionally separated into three lines .
A donkey or ass ( Equus asinus ) is a mammal of the Equidae family .
Wellington is the second oldest New South Wales settlement west of the Blue Mountains .
A Probation and Parole Office was also opened in the center of town .
The railway from Sydney reached Wellington in 1880 .
The town is the center of the Wellington Shire Local Government Area .
The Wellington Boot , a country racing festival is held in every year in March and April .
In September 2008 , a gaol , the Wellington Correctional Centre was opened .
There is a small airport ( Bondangora Airport ) for private planes 12 km east of Wellington .
Wellington is the center of rich farm land .
Burrendong Arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered Australian plants and covers 1.60 km ² .
The town acts as a business center for the district .
The area was originally lived in by the Wiradjuri people .
The Nangara Gallery has a collection of Aboriginal objects .
A village called Montefiores was started on the north side of the Macquarie River crossing .
Lake Burrendong , a man-made lake .
He named it `` Wellington Valley '' after Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington .
The closest commercial airport is at Dubbo .
is 30 km south of the town .
The local newspaper The Wellington Times , owned by Rural Press , is printed three times a week .
Wellington was settled in the 1823 by Lieutenant Percy Simpson in early 1823 as a convict settlement .
Wellington Shire Council was started in 1947 .
The main cave is Cathedral Cave with the massive Altar Rock .
Farmers started settling along the Macquarie Valley .
Wheat , wool , fat lambs and beef cattle are grown nearby .
Wellington is a town in New South Wales .
After the Maxwell team disbanded that same year , he joined the Prest-O-Lite team as manager and continued to race improved Maxwells for Prest-O-Lite .
He lived near a mine and they decided to ride a cart down the slope .
He aggressively pursued any chance of involvement with automobiles .
With 26 aerial victories he was America 's most successful fighter ace in the war .
Rickenbacker went to work at the Columbus Buggy Company .
Edward Vernon Rickenbacker ( October 8 , 1890 - July 23 , 1973 ) was an American fighter ace in World War I. He was also and Medal of Honor recipient .
He joined the Maxwell Race Team in 1915 after leaving Peugeot .
It tipped over and almost crushed them .
His first near death experience occurred when he was in the `` Horsehead Gang '' .
He was born Edward Rickenbacher ( without a middle name ) in Columbus , Ohio .
He stopped going to school in grade seven after the accidental death of his father on August 26 , 1904 .
He was encouraged by his father 's words : `` A machine has to have a purpose '' .
He was also a race car driver and automotive designer .
Rickenbacker found jobs to help support the family .
Medal of Honor citation , awarded November 6 , 1930 General Orders No. 32 , W.D. , 1919
He competed in the Indianapolis 500 four times before World War I. He earned the nickname `` Fast Eddie '' .
He had an early run-in with a horse-drawn carriage , a botched tonsillectomy and multiple airplane crashes .
He was also the longtime head of Eastern Air Lines .
Charles Wade Barkley ( born February 20 , 1963 ) is an American retired professional basketball player and politician .
Nicknamed `` Sir Charles '' for his aggressive and outspoken demeanor , and `` The Round Mound of Rebound , '' for his unusual build and talent as a player , Barkley established himself as one of the National Basketball Association 's most dominating power forwards .
It was created in 1934 by A.W. Leo , Tom Yates , and Ralph Harrison as an ice cream topping , and customers later discovered that it was an appealing drink when mixed with water .
Hawaiian Punch is the name of a brand of sweetened fruit punch drinks owned by Dr Pepper\/Seven Up , Inc. ( DPSU ) .
It currently comes in the following flavors : The drink has its name because some of original recipe 's main ingredients come from Hawaii .
The main criteria by which one can distinguish between different market structures are : the number and size of producers and consumers in the market , the type of goods and services being traded , and the degree to which information can flow freely .
The correct sequence of the market structure from most to least competitive is perfect competition , imperfect competition , oligopoly , and pure monopoly .
The major market forms are : The imperfectly competitive structure is quite identical to the realistic market conditions where some monopolistic competitors , monopolists , oligopolists , and duopolists exist and dominate the market conditions .
These somewhat abstract concerns usually determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade .
Robert and Wanda Bush were the parents of three sons and a daughter .
He died from cancer on November 8 , 2005 , in Olympia , Washington when he was 79 years old .
During the invasion of Okinawa he got wounded on May 2 , 1945 , during an attack on a rifle company that he was on patrol .
Tom Brokaw , a television personality and journalist , wrote a chapter about Bush in his World War II book The Greatest Generation ( 1998 ) .
After he finished study , he founded the Bayview Lumber Company at South Bend , Washington in 1951 and Bayview Redi-Mix at Elma , Washington .
At 18 years of age he was awarded for his braveness by President Truman in a White House with the Medal of Honor .
Then he went on with a study in business administration at the University of Washington .
After the war , he returned to finish high school .
Many persons have said about her : `` Few , if any First Ladies worked as consistently before their marriage as did Pat Nixon . ''
She also worked in a local bank as a janitor and bookkeeper .
For some time , she attended Fullerton Junior College .
She can be seen in a brief walk-on in the 1935 movie Becky Sharp .
Richard Nixon served in the U.S. Navy during World War II .
Patricia Ryan Nixon ( March 16 , 1912 - June 22 , 1993 ) was the wife of Richard Nixon and served as the First Lady of the United States from 1969 to 1974 and Second Lady of the United States from 1953 to 1961 .
Like Jacqueline Kennedy , she had an interest in adding artifacts to the White House .
They started a tradition of inviting families to Sunday church services in the East Room of the White House .
Her efforts brought about 600 paintings and furnishings into the White House Collection .
In 1929 , she graduated from Excelsior High School .
Some of the jobs were the job of a driver , a X-ray technician , a pharmacy manager and a typist .
Patricia worked as a high school teacher in Whittier , California .
In Whittier , Pat Ryan met a young lawyer named Richard Nixon .
The Meiji Restoration was a time of change great in Japan .
The leaders of the Meiji Restoration acted in the name of Japan 's emperor , to restore ( that is , to return ) the emperor 's powers .
In the Japanese language , Meiji-ishin is the term for Meiji Restoration .
The club won their second FA Trophy title on the 8th May 2010 after beating Stevenage Borough 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium .
Barrow have twice won non-league football 's highest cup competition , the FA Trophy - in 1990 and 2010 , becoming the only non-league club to have won the trophy at both old and new Wembley stadia .
Attendances at the club 's Holker Street field vary - the home record of 16,874 was set against Swansea City in the FA Cup Third Round in 1954 .
It has led to their nickname `` The Bluebirds '' .
The club spent over fifty years in the Football League between 1921 and 1972 , and have since spent their time in the top two levels of non-league football .
Halimede is about 62 kilometres in diameter ( assuming an albedo of 0.04 ) and appears neutral ( gray ) in the visible light .
It was found by Matthew J. Holman et al. on August 14 , 2002 .
Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 ( IAUC 8802 ) , Halimede was known by the designation S\/2002 N 1 .
Halimede , or Neptune IX , like many of the farther moons of Neptune , is named after one of the Nereids , the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris .
Given the very similar color of the moon to that of Nereid together with a high probability ( 41 % ) of their collision in the lifespan of the Solar system , it has been suggested that the moon could be a piece of Nereid .
Halimede follows a very inclined and very eccentric orbit seen on the image in relation to other non-spherical moons of Neptune .
He started his working career as a correspondent for `` Soviet Karabagh '' newspaper , becoming its Deputy Editor-in-Chief in 1981 .
In 1991 Ghukasyan was elected to the first Parliament of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic .
Ghukasyan has been a member of Nagorno-Karabagk 's Security Council since 1993 .
Born in Stepanakert , in the Nagorno Karabakh Autonomous Republic of the Azerbaijan SSR on June 22 , 1957 , he graduated in 1979 from Yerevan State University with a degree in linguistics .
He survived an assassination attempt in 2000 .
He was elected as the President on September 8 , 1997 and re-elected in 2002 , until his term ended on July 19 , 2007 and was succeeded by Bako Sahakyan .
Arkadi Ghukasyan ( Armenian : Արկադի Ղուկասյան ) was the third President of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic .
On July 23 , 1993 he became the first Foreign Minister of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic .
Some systems can also perform more advanced functions as exponential or trigonometric functions calculations , however in most modern processors these functions are done with software library routines , not by hardware .
A floating point unit ( FPU ) is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on floating point numbers .
In most modern general purpose CPUs , one or more FPUs are integrated inside the CPU ; however many embedded microcontrollers , especially older designs , do not have hardware support for floating point operations .
Typical operations are addition , subtraction , multiplication , division , and square root .
In the past , some systems as the Intel 8086 have implemented floating point via a coprocessor that is controlled by the CPU rather than as an integrated unit .
In the 2001 NHL entry draft , Emery was chosen 99th overall by the Ottawa Senators .
Under one month later , Emery signed a one year , $ 2M contract with Atlant Mytishchi of the Russian KHL .
In March of 2010 , Flyers GM Paul Holmgren announced that Emery would miss the remainder of the season because of avascular necrosis and that a bone graft would be done to alleviate his hip issues .
On June 24 , 2013 , He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals .
After his time in Russia , it was announced on June 10 , 2009 that the Philadelphia Flyers had signed him to a one-year deal for $ 1.5 million .
During his time with the Ducks , he tied for fourth in the league after he posted a 7-2-0 record with a 2.28 goals-against average ( GAA ) and a .926 save percentage ( SV % ) in 10 regular season games going into the playoffs .
Raymond `` Ray '' Emery ( born September 28 , 1982 in Hamilton , Ontario ) is a professional ice hockey player .
On June 20 , 2008 , after some off-ice incidents , the Senators released Emery .
That year , the Senators made it to the Stanley Cup finals .
To the west , it includes the Valdivia through Tierra del Fuego archipelago .
Patagonia is located at the southern end of South America .
It follows south through the Colorado River towards Carmen de Patagones in the Atlantic Ocean .
The word was for the native people that his expedition thought to be giants .
Now people think the Patagons were actually Tehuelches .
During the 1980s he published Loving a Woman in Two Worlds , The Wingéd Life : Selected Poems and Prose of Thoreau , The Man in the Black Coat Turns , and A Little Book on the Human Shadow .
In 1968 , he signed the `` Writers and Editors War Tax Protest '' pledge , vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the war .
Robert Bly ( born December 23 , 1926 ) is an American poet , author , activist and leader of the Mythopoetic Men 's Movement .
When he won the National Book Award for The Light Around the Body , he contributed the prize money to the Resistance .
Bly 's early collection of poems , Silence in the Snowy Fields , was published in 1962 , and its plain style had considerable influence on American poems of the next two decades .
In 1966 , Bly co-founded American Writers Against the Vietnam War .
During the 1970s , he published eleven books of poetry , essays , and translations .
Among his most famous works is Iron John : A Book About Men , an international bestseller which has been translated into many languages .
The following year , he published `` A Wrong Turning in American Poetry '' , an essay .
This book was based on Card 's short story `` Mikal 's Songbird '' .
Songmaster ( 1980 ) is a science fiction book by Orson Scott Card .
The story of the Songmaster occurs in a future human empire , and follows Ansset , a young boy whose singing voice has the power of making people 's feelings stronger .
He is trained in the art of singing so perfectly that his songs can show ideas and feelings better than words .
Mansfield became a major Broadway star in 1955 , a major movie star in 1956 , and a major celebrity in 1957 .
They had one daughter , Jayne Marie Mansfield .
Jayne Mansfield ( born Vera Jayne Palmer ; April 19 , 1933 - June 29 , 1967 ) was an American movie , stage , and television actress .
They had three children , Miklós Jeffrey Palmer Hargitay , Zoltán Anthony Hargitay , and Mariska Magdolna Hargitay .
Mansfield was one of Hollywood 's original blonde bombshells .
When the demand for big-breasted blonde bombshells decreased in the early 1960s , she became a box-office has-been .
They had one son , Antonio Raphael Ottaviano ( Tony Cimber ) .
Hugh Hefner published nude photographs of Mansfield on the movie set in the June 1963 issue of Playboy .
She appeared in the Broadway production of Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
Her first starring movie role was Jerri Jordan in The Girl Ca n't Help It ( 1956 ) .
20th Century Fox signed her to a six-year contract in an effort to replace the troubled Marilyn Monroe .
Mansfield was the only child of Herbert William Palmer ( 1904-1936 ) and Vera Jeffrey Palmer ( 1903-2000 ) .
Mansfield married public relations professional Paul Mansfield in 1950 .
She married Italian-born movie director Matt Cimber ( a.k.a. Matteo Ottaviano , né Thomas Vitale Ottaviano ) in 1964 .
During production , she still appeared on Broadway in Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
She married actor-bodybuilder Mickey Hargitay in 1958 .
Mansfield became the first major American actress to have a nude starring role in a Hollywood movie .
Jayne kept `` Mansfield '' as her professional name .
Her short story `` New Zealand '' won first place in the 2003 PPW Paul Gillette Memorial Writing Contest , and was the winner of the Rocky Mountain Fiction Writers Short Story Anthology Contest .
Seven were published before she met a literary agent who agreed to publish her first novel , A Real Basket Case .
`` Flamingo Fatality '' won the Great Manhattan Mysteries Conclave Short Story Anthology Contest in 2005 , and her 2005 short story `` Lucky Bear '' was first in the Storyteller Magazine Flash Fiction Contest .
Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade , and in high school took an outside study in English .
It was published in 2007 , and was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Groundwater 's short stories have won awards also .
She went to the College of William and Mary and got a degree in Psychology and Computer Science in 1978 .
Her first novel was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Another of Groundwater 's short stories has been made into a live play .
After going to a few writers ' meetings , she began writing short stories .
The first , published in March , 2007 , was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Of her short stories , eight have been published and one was written in Farsi .
Beth Groundwater is an American author who has written two novels in the Claire Hanover gift basket designer mystery series , A Real Basket Case and To Hell in a Handbasket .
She worked in another job until 1999 , then she chose to become a writer .
The Division of Cowan is an Australian Electoral Division in Western Australia .
It was created in 1984 and is named for Edith Cowan , the first woman elected to an Australian Parliament .
It covers the northern suburbs of Perth , including Girrawheen , Greenwood , Kingsley , Landsdale , Woodvale and Marangaroo .
Finally , in 1949 , the National Olympic Committee for Germany was founded in the Western Federal Republic of Germany .
The GDR renamed their NOC to Nationales Olympisches Komitee der DDR in 1965 .
The `` NOC of the GDR '' joined the `` NOC of Germany '' on 17 November 1990 .
East German authorities of the Nationales Olympisches Komitee für Ostdeutschland did not send their athletes to the 1952 games in an all-German team .
Many think that doping ( mainly anabolic steroids ) allowed East Germany to a world leader in sports for two decades .
German athletes from the East and West Germany took part in the games in 1956 , 1960 and 1964 as the United Team of Germany .
In five winter games , they placed second four times and first in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
This shows that doping was not the only reason East Germany did so well in the Olympics .
They won a large number of Olympic and world gold medals but many athletes failed doping tests or were believed to be taking performance enhancing drugs .
The German athletes took part in the Olympic Games in a single team again from 1992 forward .
This was not allowed by the IOC .
In many cases where doping was believed to happen , no proof was found so most of records and medals won by East German athletes still stand .
The small , French-occupied Saarland and its NOC were separate until after 1955 .
Raskildinskoye Rural Settlement ( Russian : Раскильдинское се́льское поселе́ние ; Chuvash : Ураскилт ял тăрăхĕ , Uraskilt jal tărăkhĕ ) is an administrative and municipal division ( a rural settlement ) of Alikovsky District of the Chuvash Republic , Russia .
The Cheboksary-Yadrin and Cheboksary-Krasnye Chetai highways cross the territory of the rural settlement .
Rural settlement 's population : 1,366 ( 2006 est. ) .
Raskildinskoye Rural Settlement comprises five rural localities .
It is located in the western part of the district .
Its administrative center is the locality ( a selo ) of Raskildino .
On that day , at Camp Radcliff , Republic of Vietnam , Kawamura smothered an enemy-thrown explosive with his body , sacrificing his life to protect those around him .
By March 20 , 1969 , was serving as a Corporal in the 173rd Engineer Company , 173rd Airborne Brigade .
He was buried in Mililani Memorial Park in Mililani Town , Hawaii .
This east gate is named in honor of Kawamura .
He was also a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration-the Medal of Honor .
For this is what the Lord , the God of Israel says : ` The jar of flour will not be used up nd the jug of oil will not run dry until the day the Lord gives rain on the land . ' ''
Did you come to remind me of my sin and kill my son ? ''
This is the first example of raising the dead in the Bible .
They were walking along when suddenly a chariot of fire and horses of fire appeared and separated the two of them , and Elijah went up to heaven in a whirlwind .
If the Lord is God , follow him ; but if Baal is God , follow him . ''
He appears in the Hebrew Bible , Baha'i scripture , Mishnah , New Testament , and the Qur ` an .
Strengthened by that food , Elijah got up and traveled forty days and forty nights until he reached Horeb , the mountain of God .
Then Elijah went to `` present himself to Ahab '' as the Lord commanded him to , and he met Obadiah , the honorable man who had kept loyal to the Lord and had hidden 100 priests of God that King Ahab had tried to kill .
They argued , and Elijah told Ahab to `` summon the people from all over Israel '' to meet him on the Mount Carmel , and to `` bring the four hundred and fifty prophets of Baal and the four hundred prophets of Asherah , who eat at Jezebel 's table '' .
In addition , he had 13 goals and 12 assists in 35 games for two IHL clubs .
With the Knights , Peterson had 28 points in 69 regular season games , but went scoreless in three playoff games .
The 1997-98 season saw Peterson again split time between the NHL and minor league hockey ; he tallied five goals in 19 games for the Lightning , and 20 goals and 39 assists for the IHL 's Milwaukee Admirals .
In 1991-92 , Peterson began playing college hockey with the Western Collegiate Hockey Association 's Michigan Tech Huskies .
He played his final NHL games in the 1998-99 season , when he posted two goals and his only NHL assist in 20 games for the Lightning .
In 48 regular season games , he recorded 27 goals and 40 assists , and added eight goals and nine assists in 10 playoff games .
Peterson moved to Europe for the 2000-01 season , beginning the season with the SCL Tigers in Switzerland 's National League A. In 10 games , he recorded three goals and two assists before moving to Germany to play for the Deutsche Eishockey Liga 's Kassel Huskies .
In 1996-97 , Peterson spent most of his playing time with the American Hockey League 's Adirondack Red Wings , for whom he scored 45 points in the regular season and four in the playoffs .
In the 1993 NHL Supplemental Draft , Peterson was chosen as the third overall selection by the Tampa Bay Lightning .
During the 1999-00 season , Peterson spent the entire campaign with the Admirals , the Predators ' IHL affiliate , scoring 32 points in the regular season and five in the playoffs .
During that season , he made his NHL debut with the Lightning , and scored two goals in 17 games .
Peterson joined the United States Hockey League 's Thunder Bay Flyers for the 1990-91 season , at the age of eighteen .
Peterson 's statistical production declined slightly in his last college season , 1995-96 , as he posted 20 goals and 16 assists .
Peterson finished 2000-01 season with the Tigers and spent three more seasons with the club ; his best statistical season in Germany was 2002-03 , when he had 25 regular season points , along with three in the playoffs .
After scoring 20 points in the 1992-93 season , Peterson increased his point total to 42 in 1993-94 .
In 1994-95 , he scored 25 goals and had 21 assists ; both totals were the highest of his college career , as was his 46 points .
In March 1999 , the Lightning traded Peterson to the Pittsburgh Penguins organization .
After his three NHL seasons , Peterson spent four seasons in Europe , playing for teams in Switzerland and Germany .
Following the end of his college career , he was sent to the Atlanta Knights , the Lightning 's affiliate in the minor league International Hockey League ( IHL ) .
He became a free agent after the season , and the Nashville Predators signed him .
Peterson , a left winger , played in 56 games over three seasons for the National Hockey League 's ( NHL ) Tampa Bay Lightning , scoring nine goals and assisting on one .
Brent Peterson ( born July 20 , 1972 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a former professional ice hockey player .
, in 2013 .
Clarkson continued singing and soon started classical training , hoping that music would be her ticket to a college scholarship .
Her mother is a descendant of Republican state senator Isaiah Rose , whose life story was discussed on Clarkson 's episode of Who Do You Think You Are ?
She sang at her high school talent show , after which an audience member shared some inspiring words with her : `` God has given you this gift .
You 've got to sing .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson ( born April 24 , 1982 ) is an American singer who sometimes acts .
In high school , Clarkson performed in musicals such as Annie Get Your Gun , Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Brigadoon .
She originally wanted to be a marine biologist , but changed her mind after she saw the movie Jaws .
She is of Greek ( from a maternal great-grandfather ) , English , Irish , German , and Scottish ancestry .
You 're destined to sing . ''
After finishing high school , Clarkson was offered full scholarships to The University of Texas at Austin , the University of North Texas , and the Berklee College of Music .
According to Nielsen SoundScan , Clarkson is also ranked on the top 200 album sellers of the Nielsen SoundScan era at number 187 .
In seventh grade , one of her teachers overheard her singing in a hallway and asked her to audition for the school choir .
Clarkson 's parents divorced when she was six years old , after having been married for seventeen years .
Edmund Stoiber was born in Oberaudorf in the district of Rosenheim , Bavaria .
In 1967 he passed the state law exam and then worked at the University of Regensburg in criminal law and Eastern European law .
He is married to Karin Stoiber .
As such he served as President of the Bundesrat in 1995\/96 .
Football legend , FC Bayern President and Vice-President of the German Football Association , Franz Beckenbauer , on the other hand , showed his support for Stoiber by letting him join the German national football team on their flight home from Japan after the 2002 FIFA World Cup .
In 1978 Stoiber was elected secretary general of the CSU , which he stayed until 1982\/83 .
Stoiber is a great football fan and he supports the FC Bayern Munich .
Before the 2002 election FC Bayern 's manager Uli Hoeneß said he supported Stoiber and the CSU .
Gerhard Schröder was elected again as chancellor by the parliament .
However , on election day things had changed .
Both the SPD and CDU\/CSU had 38.5 % of the vote , but the SPD was ahead by 6,000 votes .
After his military service , Stoiber studied political science and later law in Munich .
From 1982 to 1986 he was a representative to the Bavarian secretary of the state and then a minister of state from 1982 to 1988 .
From 1988 to 1993 he was the Bavarian Minister of the Interior and in May 1993 , the Bavarian Landtag ( parliament ) elected him as minister-president .
Before he became a member of the Bavarian parliament in 1974 , he was a lawyer and worked at the University of Regensburg .
Stoiber was a student at Ignaz-Günther-Gymnasium in Rosenheim , where he received his Abitur ( high school diploma ) in 1961 .
Before the 2002 election , the CSU\/CDU was on top of the opinion polls and Stoiber said that '' ... this election is like a football match where it 's the second half and my team is ahead by 2-0 '' , a quote that has become famous .
He became a doctor of jurisprudence , and then in 1971 passed the second state examination .
In 2002 , Stoiber removed the leader of the CDU , Angela Merkel , and was made the joint CDU\/CSU 's candidate for the office of chancellor , with Gerhard Schröder ( SPD ) as opponent .
Throughout history , goddesses have been portrayed as the mother of the universe , through whose powers the universe is created and destroyed .
The concept of Goddess Durga as the supreme goddess emerged in historical religious literature as a term to define the powerful and influential nature of female deities in India .
The gradual changes in belief through time shape the concept of Bhuvaneswari and express how the different Goddesses , though very different in personality , all carry the power of the universe on their shoulders .
Gods in Hinduism are highly advanced spiritual beings , often represented in humanoid or partially humanoid forms .
She grew up in a working class family in Kentucky where she was born .
Gloria Jean Watkins ( born September 25 , 1952 ) , best known by her penname bell hooks ( which deliberately does n't use any capital letters ) is an award-winning African-American radical feminist writer and speaker .
Stev is a form of poetry .
On November 6 , 2003 , version 2.0 of America 's Army : Special Forces was made .
It is based on the Unreal engine .
She is the only child of Teresa Augello , a paralegal and part-time actress , and Craig Cook , a flight attendant .
Alicia Augello Cook ( born January 25 , 1981 ) , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American R&B singer-songwriter , pianist , musician , record producer , and actress .
Keys has expressed that she was comfortable with her mixed race heritage because she felt she was able to `` relate to different cultures '' .
Her birth name is Alicia Augello Cook .
Delaney made his World Wrestling Entertainment debut as a jobber , seen wrestling on the ECW show .
Colin Matthew Delaney ( September 7 , 1986 ) is an American professional wrestler best known for working with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) on its ECW brand .
On August 15 , Delaney was released by WWE .
There are two main types of matches : safety matches , which can be struck only against a specially prepared surface ; and strike-anywhere matches , for which any suitably frictional surface can be used .
The head of the match was made of a mixture of potassium chlorate , sulfur , sugar , and rubber .
They were ignited by dipping the tip of the match in a small asbestos bottle filled with sulfuric acid .
The first modern , self-igniting match was invented in 1805 by K. Chancel , assistant to Professor Louis Jacques Thénard of Paris , though .
It either contains phosphorus or phosphorus sesquisulfide as the active ingredient and gelatin as a binder .
This kind of match was quite expensive and its usage was dangerous , so Chancel 's matches never gained much popularity .
A match is a tool for making fire under controlled circumstances .
`` Bengal matches '' are actually small hand-held fireworks akin to sparklers .
Gordon Freeman is the main hero of the Half-Life video game series .
In the second game , Half-Life 2 , Gordon is introduced to a military world years after the Black Mesa incident , along with a force known as the Combine that took over the world .
In the first Half-Life , Gordon Freeman , fights through the facility with other workers , fighting the aliens as well as a military unit sent in to stop the incident and silence any surviving witnesses .
The cheetah has unusually low genetic variability and a very low sperm count .
A cheetah ( Acinonyx jubatus ) is a large feline that lives in Africa .
The Avery-MacLeod-McCarty experiment was an experimental demonstration , reported in 1944 by Oswald Avery , Colin MacLeod , and Maclyn McCarty , that DNA is the substance that causes bacterial transformation .
This was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research to purify and characterize the `` transforming principle '' responsible for the phenomenon first described in Griffith 's experiment of 1928 .
In their paper of 1944 , Avery and his colleagues suggest that DNA , rather than protein was the hereditary material of bacteria , and could be analogous to genes and\/or viruses in higher organisms .
Water Lilies ( or Nymphéas , pronounced : ( nɛ̃ .
Many of the works were painted while Monet suffered from cataracts .
a ) ) is a series of about 250 oil paintings by French Impressionist Claude Monet .
The paintings are on display in museums all over the world , including the Musée Marmottan Monet and the Musée d'Orsay in Paris , the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York , the Art Institute of Chicago , the Carnegie Museum of Art and the National Museum of Wales , among others .
They were the main focus of Monet 's work during the last thirty years of his life .
In business , a financial statement is an organized document that has financial information , like income and transactions , of a person , company , government , or organization .
Ian Wallace ( born 10 July 1919 ; died 12 October 2009 in London ) was a British bass-baritone opera and concert singer , actor and entertainer .
Emperor Palpatine ( Ian McDiarmid ) and Darth Vader ( David Prowse\/James Earl Jones ) send the Rebels false information .
In the movie 's climax , Vader throws Palpatine down the station 's reactor core .
The first Death Star was shown in its finished form in Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope .
At the end of Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith , the Death Star is shown starting to be built .
The Death Star is a fictional moon-sized space station and superweapon .
Making a Death Star that was only partly built ( but was still powerful ) was a problem for Industrial Light & Magic 's modelmakers for Star Wars Episode VI : Return of the Jedi .
The movie begins with Leia Organa ( Carrie Fisher ) taking the station 's plans to the Rebel Alliance .
The image was flipped horizontally for the final movie .
It was commanded by Grand Moff Tarkin ( Peter Cushing ) .
Tarkin has the Death Star destroy Leia 's home world of Alderaan .
The sound of the Death Star counting down until it fires comes from the Flash Gordon movies .
Both Death Stars were created in the movies by using a full models , models of sections of the space station and matte paintings .
The idea of the Death Star as a large , spherical space station was the same in all the models .
Maritime boundaries also help in determining the limits of Exclusive Economic Zones ( EEZs ) and continental shelves .
Also once the boundaries are defined , it would help in the determination of the maritime boundaries which are drawn as an extension of onshore reference points .
A verdict was reached in 1968 , which saw Pakistan getting 10 % of its claim of 9,000 km ² ( 3,500 sq. miles ) .
India rejects the Pakistani stance by maintaining the fact that the creek is navigable in high tide , and that fishing trawlers use it to go out to sea .
India supports its stance by citing the Thalweg Doctrine in International Law .
The creek , which opens up into the Arabian Sea , divides the Kutch region of the Indian state of Gujarat with the Sindh province of Pakistan .
EEZs extend to 200 nautical miles ( 370 km ) and can be subjected to commercial exploitation .
After India 's independence in 1947 , Sindh became a part of Pakistan while Kutch became a part of India .
The law states that river boundaries between two states may be , if the two states agree , divided by the mid-channel .
In April 1965 , a dispute there contributed to the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 , when fighting broke out between India and Pakistan .
If the boundary line is demarcated ( outlined ) according to the Thalweg principle , Pakistan stands to lose a considerable portion of the territory that was historically part of the province of Sindh .
From this point onwards , the boundary is unambiguously fixed as defined by the Tribunal Award of 1968 .
Much of the region is rich in oil and gas below the sea bed , and control over the creek would have a huge bearing on the energy potential of each nation .
The resolution , which demarcated the boundaries between the two territories , included the creek as part of Sindh province , thus setting the boundary as the eastern flank of the creek .
Though Pakistan does not dispute the 1925 map , it maintains that the Doctrine is not applicable in this case as it only applies to bodies of water that are navigable , which the Kori Creek is not .
Later the same year , British Prime Minister Harold Wilson persuaded both countries to set up a tribunal to resolve the dispute .
The long-standing dispute hinges in the actual demarcation `` from the mouth of Kori Creek to the top of Kori Creek , and from the top of Kori Creek eastward to a point on the line designated on the Western Terminus '' .
It is a 96 km ( 60 mi ) strip of water disputed between the Republic of India and Pakistan , claimed by India as a part of the Indian Rann of Kutch marshlands .
Accepting India 's stance would also result in the shifting of the land\/sea terminus ( end ) point several kilometres to the disadvantage of Pakistan , leading in turn to a loss of several thousand square kilometres of its Exclusive Economic Zone under the United Nations Convention on Law of the Sea .
At that time , the region was a part of Bombay Presidency of undivided India .
The Federal Government of Pakistan lays claim to the entire creek as per paras 9 and 10 of the Bombay Government Resolution of 1914 signed between the then provincial Government of Sindh and Rao Maharaj , then the ruler of the former Princely state of Kutch .
India 's position is that the boundary is mid-channel as depicted in another map drawn in 1925 , and implemented by the installation of mid-channel pillars back in 1924 .
The dispute is in the interpretation of the boundary line between Kutch and Sindh as depicted in a 1914 and 1925 map .
( See the Atlantique Incident ) Though the Kori Creek has little military value , it holds immense economic gain .
Another point of concern for Pakistan is that Kori Creek has changed its course considerably over the years .
Bobcats usually live from 10 to 14 years .
Bobcats stalk their prey , and then pounce onto it .
On September 4 , 2013 , Adam married Mariana Teixeira de Carvalho , in a wedding in Dublin .
When Adam was five years old , he and his family moved to Malahide near Dublin .
Adam Clayton ( born 13 March 1960 in Chinnor , Oxfordshire , England ) is the bassist for the rock band U2 .
Mark Oliver Everett ( born 10 April 1963 ) is an American singer and musician .
Everett 's next album as E was Broken Toy Shop ( 1993 ) .
Many churches now use the words from Common Worship or some other modern prayer book for their services .
Evening Prayer ( often called Evensong ) , in the Anglican Church , is the traditional service when people come to church to worship in the late afternoon or early evening .
Each bout lasts for a set amount of seconds .
During the episodes that are seen on television , there are three bouts : the `` Challenger '' bout ( 300 seconds , or 5 minutes ) , the `` Line Jumper '' bout ( 300 seconds in the first episode , 400 seconds , or 6 minutes 40 seconds , from the second episode on ) , and the Winner 's Defense '' bout ( 400 seconds in the first through ninth episodes , 500 seconds , or 8 minutes 20 seconds , in the 10th episode ) .
Four bouts are played in an hour ; with a five-minute pause after each of the first three .
It follows a group of contestants who compete for up to $ 2 million in a game show that lasts for 1,000,000 seconds ( or 11 days , 13 hours , 46 minutes , and 40 seconds ) .
At the end of a bout , the contestant with the higher score wins and either stays in the `` Money Chair '' or replaces the current contestant in it .
Contestants can choose to double as often as they want during a bout .
The `` Challenger '' bout has a contestant who has successfully gone through an on-site tryout process .
If a doubled or doubled-back contestant answers incorrectly or does not answer in five seconds , the opponent gets the points .
Only the four contestants with the highest amount of money keep their winnings when the million seconds are up .
Contestants play for 24 hours a day for 1,000,000 seconds , or around eleven and a half days .
Questions start at one point each .
If the contestant does so , the question 's value is doubled , and the opponent has to either answer the question or `` double back '' , which quadruples the point value and forces the person who the question was given to to answer .
The fourth bout is followed by an 11-minute break .
At any time , a contestant may choose to `` double '' instead of answering the question .
The show takes place in a large hourglass-shaped structure in Midtown Manhattan near the Lincoln Tunnel .
At any given time , a contestant is sitting in the `` Money Chair '' and earning money , while defending his\/her position in the chair in bouts against another contestant .
They have five seconds to do so when the question is asked .
It is hosted by Ryan Seacrest .
During a `` Winner 's Defense '' bout , the current `` Power Player '' ( the contestant who had the highest amount of correct answers playing along in `` Winners ' Row '' that day ) chooses one of the four `` Winners ' Row '' contestants , who can be him\/herself , to play against the contestant who is currently in the `` Money Chair '' .
It aired on NBC from September 9 to September 19 , 2013 .
The Million Second Quiz is an American television game show .
The winner gets all of the loser 's winnings in addition to their own winnings , while the loser is out of the game .
They face in a series of three bouts , which are as follows : The winner of the third bout wins $ 2,000,000 .
If both contestants have the same amount of points at the end of a bout , a question is asked , and the contestant who answers correctly first wins the bout .
Every question is worth one point .
The United Nations has also made projections far out into the future , up to 2300 , at which point it projects that life expectancies in most developed countries will be between 100 and 106 years and still rising , though more and more slowly than before .
However , the UN has warned that these projections are uncertain , and caution that any change or advancement in medical technology could invalidate their projections .
The Census Bureau also predicted that the United States would have 5.3 million people aged over 100 in 2100 .
The U.S. Census Bureau predicts that life expectancy in the United States will be in the mid-80s by 2050 ( up from 77.85 in 2006 ) and will top out eventually in the low 90s , barring major scientific advances that can change the rate of human aging itself , as opposed to merely treating the effects of aging as is done today .
Longevity has been a topic not only for the scientific community but also for writers of science fiction and utopian novels .
Longevity usually includes thinking about methods to extend life .
Outdoor wood sculptures do not last long in most parts of the world , so that we have little idea how the totem pole tradition developed .
In England many complete examples remain from the 16th and 17th century , where oak was the preferred medium in this case .
Some of the finest extant examples of early European wood carving are from the Middle Ages in Germany , Russia , Italy and France , where the typical themes of that era were used in Christian icons .
The result is a wooden figure , or the sculptural ornamentation of a wooden object .
Many of the most important sculptures of China and Japan are in wood , also most African sculpture and that of Oceania and other regions Wood is light , so it is suitable for masks and other objects meant to be carried .
It can take very fine detail , and is also much easier to work than stone .
It is vulnerable to decay , insect damage , and fire .
Tropical Storm Arthur was the first tropical storm of the 2002 Atlantic hurricane season .
The airport has a flight training school with two classrooms , fuel facilities and a seafood shop .
It is mainly used for scenic tourist flights , private aircraft and flight training .
Barwon Heads Airport ( ICAO : YBRS ) is a small airfield used only for light aircraft on the Bellarine Peninsula near the township of Barwon Heads , Victoria , Australia .
They think the airport runway is too close to the proposed drop zones .
In 2005 , a ban was placed on skydiving near the airport .
other facilities include a kitchen , snack and drink machines , and a lounge area .
There is a smaller east\/west grass runway , mainly used by ultralight aircraft , and light aircraft in stronger wind conditions .
Airport owners said the illegal runway was dangerous for airport users .
In 2008 five new hangars and new carparking was built .
The owners of Barwon Heads Airport have tried to stop skydiving near the airport .
The airport is small and undeveloped .
In 2008 , airport owners said the company Skydive City was using an illegal runway 200 metres from the airport .
Random access memory ( RAM ) is used as the working memory of a computer system .
This strategy is made possible by the common descent of all living organisms , and the conservation of metabolic and developmental pathways and genes over the course of evolution .
The hope is that discoveries made in the model will give insight into how other organisms work .
`` Teen Spirit '' was the name of the deodorant that Cobain 's girlfriend Tobi Vail wore .
Because of this , `` Weird Al '' Yankovic made a parody of the song called `` Smells Like Nirvana '' .
Smells Like Teen Spirit was released in 1991 .
The title `` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' came from when Cobain 's friend Kathleen Hanna spray painted `` Kurt Smells Like Teen Spirit '' on his wall .
`` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' is a song by the American grunge band , Nirvana , from their second album Nevermind .
In undress uniform or on occasions when the medal ribbon alone is worn , a silver rosette is worn on the ribbon to indicate each bar .
The medal is primarily a civilian award , but it may be awarded to military personnel for gallant conduct that is not in the face of the enemy .
The details of all awards to British and Commonwealth recipients are published in the London Gazette .
Recipients are entitled to the postnominal letters GM .
The medal is granted in recognition of `` acts of great bravery '' .
Bars are awarded to the GM in recognition of the performance of further acts of bravery meriting the award .
At this time , during the height of The Blitz , there was a desire to reward acts of civilian courage .
The Warrant for the GM was published in the London Gazette on 31 January 1941 .
The George Medal ( GM ) is the second highest civil award of the United Kingdom and Commonwealth .
It was decided that the George Cross and the GM would recognize civilian bravery in the face of enemy action and brave deeds more widely .
The GM was created on 24 September 1940 by King George VI .
Its provisional designation was S\/2001 ( 617 ) 1 .
Patroclus orbits in Jupiter 's trailing Lagrangian point , L5 , in an orbit called the ` Trojan node ' after one of the sides in the legendary Trojan War ( the other node is called the ` Greek node ' ) .
This scenario was suggested by A. Morbidelli and colleagues in a series of articles published in May 2005 in Nature journal .
Patroclus is the only object in the Trojan camp to be named after a Greek character ; the naming rules for the Trojan asteroids were not made until after Patroclus was named ( similarly , the asteroid Hektor is the only Trojan character to appear in the Greek camp ) .
They thought that the two asteroids orbit around their center of mass in 4.283 ± 0.004 d at a distance of 680 ± 20 km , describing a close to circular orbit .
It is thought that many Trojan asteroids are in fact small planetesimals captured in the Lagrange point of Jupiter-Sun system during the farther migration of the giant planets , 3.9 billion years ago .
617 Patroclus ( pə-troe ' - kləs , how to say : \/ pəˈtroʊkləs \/ ) is a binary minor planet made up of two similarly-sized objects orbiting their common center of gravity .
Because of the density of the asteroids ( 0.8 g\/cm ³ ) is less than water and about one third that of rock , the team of researchers led by F. Marchis suggest that the Patroclus system , previously thought to be a pair of rocky asteroids , is more similar to a comet in make up .
The smaller asteroid , measuring 112 km , is now named Menoetius ( full name ( 617 ) Patroclus I Menoetius ) , after the legendary Patroclus 's father .
In 2001 , it was found that Patroclus is a binary object , made up of two asteroids which are almost the same size .
The slightly bigger asteroids , which measures 122 km in diameter , continues to have the name Patroclus .
It was found in 1907 by August Kopff , and was the second Trojan asteroid to be found .
In February , 2006 , a team of astronomers led by Franck Marchis measured accurately the orbit of the system using the Keck Laser guide star adaptive optics system .
Recent evidence suggests that the objects are icy comets , rather than rocky asteroids .
No replacement by-election was held as the court decision which threw out the results was made shortly before a general election was due .
The Division of Wills is an Australian Electoral Division of Victoria .
It was named after William John Wills , of the Burke and Wills expedition .
The division includes the northern Melbourne suburbs of Brunswick , Coburg , Pascoe Vale , Fawkner , Glenroy , and Essendon Airport .
Wills has been one of the safest Labor seats in the country .
The seat was held by Prime Minister Bob Hawke .
During this time it was held by independent Phil Cleary .
However he was on unpaid leave from the state education system and the Australian Constitution forbids people employed by the government from standing for election .
Andrew S. Tanenbaum created MINIX at Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam .
MINIX is a Unix-like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture .
The Pakistan Armed Forces ( Urdu : پاک عسکری ) are the overall unified military forces of Pakistan .
He then went to the Bavarian Prinz Wilhelm Regiment ( 112th Infantry ) in Mulhouse .
After the death of Manfred von Richthofen , he became the leader of the flying group `` The Red Baron '' .
The largest skatepark in the world is located in Shanghai , China .
This species of deer was first made known to Western science in 1866 , by Father Armand David , a French missionary working in China .
In spite of the small population size , the animals do not appear to suffer genetic problems .
They reach maturity at about 14 months , and have been known to reach the age of 23 years .
The current population comes from this herd , and can be found in zoos around the world .
Brian Jacques said that The Great Redwall Feast was `` written a little more for mothers to read to their children , but many Redwall lovers will also enjoy it , because there is the challenge of solving a riddle before the end of the rhyme . ''
The animals of Redwall Abbey prepare a surprise feast for their abbot .
The Great Redwall Feast is the first Redwall picture book , and it was written like a ballad .
The warm-colored pictures by Christopher Denise were drawn on brown butcher paper using pastels , and instead of showing the Redwallers getting ready for war , it shows them much happier and friendly , at work in their daily lives .
Many characters from Redwall and Mattimeo are in the book , but the baby mole Bungo is the only character in the book that was n't in any Redwall novel .
The book shows the Abbeydwellers bustling in Redwall , cooking , gathering flowers , and doing other things for the feast for their beloved Abbot ( probably Abbot Mordalfus ) .
It was published in 1996 .
The Great Redwall Feast is a story about the creatures of Redwall preparing for a feast while Matthias the Warriormouse , Constance the Badger guardian , Foremole , and the Abbot are traveling in Mossflower Woods looking for a mysterious Bobbatan Weary Nod .
The pictures were drawn by the well-known Redwall artist Christopher Denise .
The shell plates are surrounded by a structure known as a ` girdle ' .
It also has a tongue-shaped structure called the radula , which has many rows of 17 teeth each .
Chitons are primitive marine molluscs in the class Polyplacophora ( formerly the class Amphineura ) .
The district is located between the two mountain areas Westerwald and Taunus .
The main river is the Lahn .
This is called stratified sampling .
The club started as women team of the football club LUV Graz which was founded in 1959 .
LUV Graz played from the beginning in this league .
They tell the story of three brothers who went fishing , and one of them ate a fish that was forbidden under their law .
To the Wardaman , the Coalsack is the head of a `` law man '' .
Seeing this , the Sun blew the three brothers and their canoe up into the sky .
In the central desert region , the Pleiades are said to be seven sisters running away from the unwelcome attentions of a man represented by some of the stars in Orion .
For example , the Kuwema people say that at each full moon , he grows fat by eating the spirits of those who disobey tribal law .
She then gets up and carries a torch across the sky from east to west , creating daylight .
The Orion Nebula above them is the forbidden fish , and the bright stars Betelgeuse and Rigel are the front and back of the canoe .
The emu 's head is the very dark Coalsack nebula , next to the Southern Cross .
In autumn , the emu in the sky will stand directly over her portrait on the rock , indicating to the Kuring-gai people that it is time to gather emu eggs .
Yolngu people see the constellation of Orion as a canoe .
It was written by William Edward Stanbridge , an Englishman who became friends with the Boorong people of Victoria .
At night , she is said to travel under ground back to her camp in the east .
Many Aboriginal groups give spiritual or mythological meanings to these things .
Other attraction of the city is the Münchenfest - A National Stout Festival with national and international concerts that lasts a whole week and occurs at late November and the beginning of December .
The city is home town of the Parque Estadual da Vila Velha ( `` State Park of Old Town '' ) , a park made up of rocky formations formed over millions of years .
With a population of over 300,000 inhabitants , it is the 4th most populated city of Paraná .
The first psychological clinic opened in 1896 at the University of Pennsylvania by Lightner Witmer .
In the first half of the 20th century , clinical psychology mainly about psychological assessment , not treatment .
There are two main educational models - the Ph.D. scientist-practitioner model which looks at research , and the Psy .
Clinical psychology is the study in psychology of mental disorders .
Clinical psychologists generally train in one of four primary academic areas - psychodynamic , humanistic , behavior therapy\/cognitive behavioral , and systems or family therapy .
It is found in many Scottish symbols and as the name of several Scottish football clubs .
Other species , including Dwarf Thistle Cirsium acaule , Musk Thistle Carduus nutans , and Melancholy Thistle Cirsium heterophyllum have also been suggested .
The term thistle is sometimes taken to mean exactly those plants in the group Cynareae ( synonym : Cardueae ) , especially the genera Carduus , Cirsium , and Onopordum .
Some sources suggest the specific occasion was the Battle of Largs , which marked the beginning of the departure of King Haakon IV ( Haakon the Elder ) of Norway who , having control of the Northern Isles and Hebrides , had harried the coast of the Kingdom of Scotland for some years .
Popular modern usage favors Cotton Thistle Onopordum acanthium , perhaps because of its more imposing appearance , though it is unlikely to have occurred in Scotland in mediaeval times ; the Spear Thistle Cirsium vulgare , an abundant native species in Scotland , is a more likely candidate .
During this operation one barefoot Norseman had the misfortune to step upon a thistle , causing him to cry out in pain , thus alerting Scots to the presence of the Norse invaders .
However , plants outside this group are sometimes called thistles , and if this is done thistles would form a polyphyletic group .
It is the symbol of the Order of the Thistle , a high chivalric order of Scotland .
The thistle is also the emblem of Encyclopædia Britannica , which originated in Edinburgh , Scotland .
According to a legend , an invading Norse army was attempting to sneak up at night upon a Scottish army 's encampment .
Which species of thistle is referred to in the original legend is disputed .
Thistle is the floral emblem of Scotland .
Genera in the Asteraceae with the word thistle often used in their common names include : Plants in families other than Asteraceae which are sometimes called thistle include : The thistle has been the national emblem of Scotland since the reign of Alexander III ( 1249-1286 ) and was used on silver coins issued by James III in 1470 .
Carnegie Mellon University features the thistle in its crest .
The thistle , crowned with the Scottish crown , is the symbol of seven of the eight Scottish Police Forces ( the exception being the Northern Constabulary ) .
A Thistle is a group of flowering plants which have sharp prickles on around the flower and are in the Asteraceae family .
This protects the plant against herbivorous animals , stopping them from eating the plant .
The prickles often all over the plant - on the stem and flat parts of leaves .
The inhabitants took their collections of ` souvenirs ' with them .
William wanted it to be a home for disabled KNIL soldiers .
Bronbeek is a former Royal palace in Arnhem , the Netherlands .
This turned into a museum about the Dutch East Indies .
It is now a museum and a home for elderly soldiers .
Bronbeek was built early 19th century .
He donated it to the Dutch state in 1859 .
In 2004 50 former soldiers have their home in Bronbeek .
In 1845 the Dutch King William III bought Bronbeek .
The acceleration gained by an object because of gravitational force is called its acceleration due to gravity .
As the distance is tripled , the gravitational acceleration decreases by a factor of 9 , and so on .
Consider the following examples : At different points on the surface of Earth , objects fall with an acceleration between 9.78 and 9.82 m\/s2 .
David Eric Grohl , usually known as Dave Grohl , is an American rock musician and singer .
He is best known as the lead singer of rock band Foo Fighters and the drummer of the grunge band Nirvana .
Grohl joined Nirvana in 1990 , along with Krist Novoselic and Kurt Cobain .
Gram-negative bacteria are bacteria that do not retain crystal violet dye in staining .
FC Dinamo Tbilisi is a football club from Tbilisi , Georgia .
He is the only Prime Minister of Jewish heritage in British history .
Disraeli made the Conservatives the party that supported the British Empire and the military action to go with it .
Benjamin Disraeli , 1st Earl of Beaconsfield ( 21 December 1804-19 April 1881 ) , born Benjamin D'Israeli , was a British politician .
It is known for its research in the humanities and social sciences , as well as in the field of natural and life sciences .
The Freie Universität Berlin ( `` Free University of Berlin '' , often abbreviated as FU Berlin ) is a university in Berlin .
In 2007 ( and 2012 again ) , the Freie Universität was one of eleven universities to be successful in the German Excellence Initiative , a national competition by the German government .
23 of Haydn 's 104 symphonies are in D major , making it the most often used main key of his symphonies .
A great number of Mozart 's unnumbered symphonies are in D major , namely K. 66c , 81\/73 , 97\/73m , 95\/73n , 120\/111a and 161\/163\/141a .
The symphony came from the overture , and `` D major was by far the most common key for overtures in the second half of the eighteenth century . ''
Most tin whistles are in D , because they are often used in music with fiddles .
Scriabin saw D major as golden in color and when he talked to Rimsky-Korsakov , he gave an example from one of Rimsky-Korsakov 's own operas where a character sang in D major about gold .
For some beginning wind instrument students , however , D major is not a very good key , because it transposes to E major for B flat instruments .
However , when some composers write a piece in D minor with B-flat clarinets , they change to clarinets in A if the music changes to D major .
Still , the clarinet in B-flat is often used for music in D major .
D major is good for violin music because of the structure of the instrument , which has its four strings tuned to G D A E. The open strings resonate with the D string , producing a special rich sound .
It is also suitable for guitar music , with drop tuning for the lowest string making two Ds as open strings .
Its relative minor is B minor .
Examples include Mozart 's ( No. 2 , 1775 , No. 4 , 1775 ) ; Ludwig van Beethoven 's ( 1806 ) ; Paganini 's ( No. 1 , 1817 ) ; Brahms 's ( 1878 ) ; Tchaikovsky 's ( 1878 ) ; Prokofiev 's ( No. 1 , 1917 ) ; Stravinsky 's ( 1931 ) ; and Korngold 's ( 1945 ) .
Examples include concertos by Fasch , Gross , Molter ( No. 2 ) , Leopold Mozart , Telemann ( No. 2 ) , and Giuseppe Torelli ; sonatas by Corelli , Franceschini , Purcell , Torelli ; and `` The Trumpet Shall Sound '' and the `` Hallelujah '' chorus from Handel 's Messiah .
`` Fuckin ' Perfect '' rose to number two in Billboard Hot 100 .
This is longer than she had spent on her previous solo albums and records with her old group Destiny 's Child .
Tsubouchi was born in Toronto , Ontario .
Their alliance later became known in Poland as the `` Alliance of the Three Black Eagles '' ( or Löwenwolde 's Treaty ) , because all three states used a black eagle as a state symbol ( in contrast to the white eagle , a symbol of Poland ) .
By this `` diplomatic document '' Russia came into possession of that section of Livonia which had still remained in Commonwealth control , and of Belarus embracing the counties of Vitebsk , Polotsk and Mstislavl .
In the 2nd partition , Russia and Prussia helped themselves to enough more land so that only one-third of the 1772 population remained in Poland .
Prussia signed a treaty with Russia , agreeing that Polish reforms would be revoked and both countries would receive chunks of Commonwealth territory .
The partitioning powers , seeing the increasing unrest in the remaining Commonwealth , decided to solve the problem by erasing any independent Polish state from the map .
Early in August the Russian , Prussian and Austrian troops simultaneously entered the Commonwealth and occupied the provinces agreed upon among themselves .
The Commonwealth had been forced to rely on Russia for protection against the rising Kingdom of Prussia , while Prussia was demanding a slice of the northwest in order to unite its Western and Eastern portions , although this would only leave the Commonwealth with a Baltic coast in Latvia and Lithuania .
In the War in Defense of the Constitution , pro-Russian conservative Polish magnates , the Confederation of Targowica , fought against the Polish forces supporting the constitution , believing that Russians would help them restore the Golden Liberty .
This applies particularly to the last Commonwealth King Stanisław August Poniatowski , who for some time had been a lover of Russian Empress Catherine the Great .
Targowica confederates , who did not expect another partition , and the king , Stanisław August Poniatowski , who joined them near the end , both lost much prestige and support .
The Commonwealth had remained neutral in the Seven Years ' War , though sympathizing with the alliance of France , Austria , and Russia , and allowing Russian troops access to its western lands as bases against Prussia .
The liberum veto also provided openings for foreign diplomats to get their ways , through bribing nobles to exercise it .
Abandoned by their Prussian allies , Polish pro-constitution forces , faced with Targowica units and the regular Russian army , were defeated .
After having occupied their respective territories , the three partitioning powers demanded that King Stanisław and the Sejm approve their action .
Kosciuszko 's ragtag insurgent armies won some initial successes , but they eventually fell before the superior forces of Russian Empire .
The liberum veto and all the old abuses of the last one and a half centuries were guaranteed as unalterable parts of this new constitution ( in the so-called cardinal laws ) .
When no help was forthcoming and the armies of the combined nations occupied Warsaw to compel by force of arms the calling of the assembly , no alternative could be chosen save passive submission to their will .
By seizing northwestern Poland , Prussia instantly gained control over 80 % of the Commonwealth 's total foreign trade .
In 1793 , deputies to the Grodno Sejm in Grodno , last Sejm of the Commonwealth , in the presence of the Russian forces , agreed to Russian territorial demands .
Those reforms prompted aggressive actions on the part of its neighbors , wary of the potential renaissance of the Commonwealth .
To Austria fell Zator and Auschwitz ( Oświęcim ) , part of Little Poland embracing parts of the counties of Kraków and Sandomir and the whole of Galicia , less the City of Kraków .
Frederick II of Prussia retaliated by ordering enough Polish currency counterfeited to severely affect the Polish economy .
The Polish-Prussian Pact of 1790 was signed .
The Commonwealth could never be liquidated unless its longtime ally , Austria , allowed it , and first Catherine had to use diplomacy to win Austria to her side .
This policy of parliamentary procedure was based on the assumption of the political equality of every `` gentleman '' , with the corollary that unanimous consent was required for all measures .
By 1790 , on the political front , the First Polish Republic had deteriorated into such a helpless condition that it was successfully forced into an unnatural and ultimately deadly alliance with its enemy , Prussia .
The May Constitution of 1791 enfranchised the bourgeoisie , established the separation of the three branches of government , and eliminated the abuses of Repnin Sejm .
The partition treaty was ratified by its signatories on September 22 , 1772 .
It became increasingly difficult to get action taken .
Adding to the chaos was a Ukrainian peasant rebellion , the Koliyivschyna , which erupted in 1768 and resulted in massacres of noblemen ( szlachta ) , Jews , Uniates , and Catholic priests before it was put down by Polish and Russian troops .
This new constitution undid the reforms made in 1764 under Stanisław II .
On 24 October 1795 their representatives signed a treaty , dividing the remaining territories of the Commonwealth between their three countries .
Through levying enormous custom duties , Prussia accelerated the inevitable collapse of the Commonwealth ( EB . )
Through the Polish nobles whom Russia controlled and the Russian Minister to Warsaw , ambassador and Prince Nicholas Repnin , Empress Catherine the Great forced a constitution on the Commonwealth at the so-called Repnin Sejm of 1767 , named after ambassador Repnin .
The reformers , on the other hand , were attracting increasing support , and in 1794 the Kościuszko Uprising begun .
A single MP 's belief that a measure was injurious to his own constituency ( usually simply his own estate ) , even after the act had already been approved , became sufficient to strike the act .
The conditions of the Pact were such that the succeeding and final two partitions of Poland were inevitable .
On September 18 , 1773 , the Committee formally signed the treaty of cession , renouncing all claims of the Commonwealth to the occupied territories .
Prussia took Ermland ( Warmia ) , Royal Prussia without the city of Danzig ( Gdańsk ) ( which in 1773 became a new province called West Prussia ) , northern areas of Greater Poland along the Noteć River ( the Netze District ) , and parts of Kuyavia ( including the city of Thorn ( Toruń ) ) .
Repnin also demanded religious freedom for the Protestant and Orthodox Christians ( those demands were the official `` cover '' for the pro-dependence `` reforms '' ) , and the resulting reaction among some of Poland 's intolerant Roman Catholic , as well as the deep resentment of Russian intervention in the Commonwealth 's domestic affairs , led to the War of the Confederation of Bar with Russia from 1768 to 1772 .
Once again Poland dared to reform and improve itself without Russia 's permission , and once again the Empress was angered ; arguing that Poland had fallen prey to the radical Jacobinism then at high tide in France , Russian forces invaded the Commonwealth in 1792 ( EB . )
Three partitions took place : The less often used term `` Fourth Partition of Poland '' may refer to any subsequent division of Polish lands , specifically : During the reign of Władysław IV ( 1632-48 ) , the liberum veto had evolved .
On August 5 , 1772 , the occupation manifesto was issued ; much to the consternation of a country too exhausted by the endeavors of the Confederation of Bar to offer further resistance .
In 1730 Commonwealth 's neighbors , namely Prussia , Austria and Russia , signed a secret agreement in order to maintain the status quo : specifically , to ensure that the Commonwealth laws would not change .
Three partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth took place on the dates noted below : The Partitions of Poland or Partitions of the Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth took place in the second half of the 18th century and ended the existence of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth .
On February 19 , 1772 , the agreement of partition was signed in Vienna .
The Poles tried to expel foreign forces in an uprising ( the Confederation of Bar , 1768-1772 ) , but the irregular and poorly commanded forces had litte chance in the face of the regular Russian army and suffered a defeat .
The partitions were carried out by Prussia , Russia and Habsburg Austria dividing up the Commonwealth lands among themselves .
Thus one could characterise Poland-Lithuania in its final period ( mid-18th century ) , prior to the partitions as already not a completely sovereign state : it could be seen almost as a vassal , or in modern terms , a Russian satellite state , with Russian tsars effectively choosing Polish kings .
The Partitions of Poland or Partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth is a term used in history .
The Asian Elephant ( Elephas maximus ) is an elephant species living in Asia .
In 1920 , athletic officials from six Texas HBCUs - C.H. Fuller of Bishop College , Red Randolph and C.H. Patterson of Paul Quinn College , E.G. Evans , H.J. Evans and H.J. Starns of Prairie View A&M , D.C. Fuller of Texas College and G. Whitte Jordan of Wiley College - met in Houston , Texas , to discuss common interests .
Current championship competition offered by the SWAC includes competition for men in baseball , basketball , cross country , football , golf , indoor track , outdoor track & field and tennis .
Women 's competition is offered in the sports of basketball , bowling , cross country , golf , indoor track , outdoor track & field , soccer , softball , tennis and volleyball .
In addition , Alabama State plays Division II rival Tuskegee annually on Thanksgiving Day ( The Turkey Day Classic ) .
Furthermore , one SWAC game , the Bayou Classic between Southern and Grambling State , is positioned on the schedule after the NCAA tournament has begun .
Alabama A&M University became the conference 's tenth member when it became a full member in September , 1999 after a one year period as an affiliate SWAC member .
Wiley left in 1968 , the same year Mississippi Valley State College entered .
Arkansas-Pine Bluff ( formerly Arkansas AM&N ) rejoined the SWAC on July 1 , 1997 , regaining full-member status one year later .
The SWAC instead splits its schools into two divisions , and plays a conference championship game .
At this meeting , they agreed to form a new league , the SWAC .
Arkansas AM&N exited in 1970 and Alabama State University entered in 1982 .
When Langston University of Oklahoma was allowed into the conference two years later , it began the migration of state-supported institutions into the SWAC .
The enter-exit cycle continued in 1961 when Texas College withdrew , followed by the entrance of Alcorn A&M in 1962 .
Bishop withdrew from the conference in 1956 , Langston in 1957 and Huston-Tillotson ( formerly Samuel Huston ) in 1959 .
Paul Quinn became the first of the original members to leave the league when it did so in 1929 .
The Southwestern Athletic Conference ( SWAC ) is a college athletic conference based in Birmingham , Alabama .
All games at were played at Legion Field in Birmingham , Alabama .
The SWAC is one of two conferences ( the other being the Ivy League ) which do not take part in postseason play in the FCS football tournament .
It participates in the NCAA 's Division I for all sports .
Arkansas AM&N entered in 1936 and Texas Southern University in 1954 .
He also wrote under the pseudonyms Hans Walldorf , Bernd Diksen , and Waldemar Naß .
In his later years , Loest became seriously ill and announced at an Academy of Arts ceremony in 2010 that he did not have the strength to write another novel .
From 1965 to 1975 , he wrote eleven novels and 30 short stories , some under pseudonyms .
He was 87 years old .
In 1979 he was ostracized from East Germany and did not return until after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1990 .
On the morning of 12 September 2013 , he committed suicide by falling from a second-floor hospital window in Leipzig , Saxony .
Erich Loest ( 24 February 1926 - 12 September 2013 ) was a German writer .
It has been dated to the Barremian period of Early Cretaceous Period , around 125 million years ago .
Baryonyx was a carnivorous dinosaur discovered in clay pits just south of Dorking , England , and also in northern Spain .
It comes from the Arabic word , nizām ( نظام ) , meaning order , arrangement .
They were not officially recognized as the rulers .
The first Nizam ruled in place of the Mughal emperors .
Seven Nizams ruled Hyderabad for two centuries until Indian independence in 1947 .
However , for 13 years after the rule of the first Nizam , three of his sons ( Nasir Jung , Muzafar Jung and Salabath Jung ) ruled .
The Nizam ate seven kulchas and the holy man predicted that seven generations of his family would rule the state .
Nizām-ul-mulk was a title first used in Urdu around 1600 .
When the British got power over India , the Nizams were allowed to continue to rule for the British .
The Asaf Jahi rulers used money to support much literature , art , architecture , culture , jewelry and rich food .
The Nizam was also called Ala Hadrat , Ala Hazrat , or Nizam Sarkar .
By tradition no Nizam has ever left India , even if there was good a reason .
The dynasty was founded by Mir Qamar-ud-Din Siddiqi , a viceroy of the Deccan under the Mughal emperors from 1713 to 1721 .
The Nizams kept power in Hyderabad State until 17 September 1948 .
After Aurangzeb died , the Nizams left the Mughals to make an independent kingdom .
A legend about the first Nizam says that , on one of his hunting trips he was offered some kulchas ( an Indian bread ) by a holy man .
Tattoos on humans are a type of body modification , but tattoos on animals are most often used for identification .
In the Plymouth settlement of 1620 , the house of Peter Browne was near that of John Goodman and was close to the harbor on the south side of the village street .
As it happened , Browne and Goodman were eating lunch when their dogs starting chasing a deer and they were soon lost .
In that record , his name appears as `` Peter Browen '' .
They stayed by the tree that night in case they had to escape to safety .
At night they thought they heard lions in the forest and climbed a tree for shelter .
Browne was a son of William Brown of Dorking .
By the time of the 1627 Division of the Cattle , Browne and his wife had a daughter Mary and was pregnant with another daughter , Priscilla .
He was baptized on January 26 , 1594\/5 in Dorking , Surrey , England .
Sometime around noon , Browne and Goodman wandered further into the forest while the other men stayed behind to bundle the thatch .
The next day they finally climbed the highest hill they could find , were able to see where they were and were able to get back to the colony .
Browne and Goodman finally arrived in Plymouth quite cold , forest-bitten , tired and hungry .
He and his first wife were buried at Burial Hill in Plymouth .
An interesting incident regarding Browne took place in January 1621 while the Pilgrims were building their settlement of Plymouth .
On January 12 Peter Browne , John Goodman and others had entered the forest in order to find thatch for their roofs .
The Mayflower left Plymouth , England on 16 September 1620 .
This caused about 10-12 men to search for them .
Peter Browne ( ca .
This was the same home town where William Mullins , another Mayflower passengers lived .
Browne was around 25 when he boarded the Mayflower with the Mullins family .
She arrived in November 1621 on the ship Fortune as the only recorded woman on board .
Martha died about 1630 , and Browne remarried and had two more children .
He had an older sister and four brothers .
There were 102 passengers and 30-40 crew .
It was used by the Nazi Organisation Todt , a forced labor program , to build bunkers , gun emplacements , air-raid shelters , and concrete fortifications .
Lager Borkum was used for German technicians and volunteers from different countries of Europe .
Sylt camp held Jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp .
Norderney camp housed European ( usually Eastern but including Spaniard ) and Russian enforced labourers .
( For further information on Alderney concentration camps , see Appendix F : Concentration Camps : Endlösung - The Final Solution ; Alderney , a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman ; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people , see The Holocaust , http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Holocaust ) .
The Borkum and Helgoland camps were `` volunteer '' ( Hilfswillige ) labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the Sylt and Norderney camps .
Lager Helgoland was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers .
Over 700 people died in the Alderney concentration camps ( out of a total inmate population of about 6,000 ) .
The prisoners in Lager Sylt and Lager Norderney were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney .
The Germans built four concentration camps on the island , subcamps of the Neuengamme concentration camp ( in Hamburg , Germany ) .
It was organised by the Schutzstaffel - SS-Baubrigade I-which was first under supervision of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp ; and after mid-February 1943 ran under the Neuengamme camp in northern Germany .
These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil .
However , he did not stand trial , and is believed to have lived near Hamburg until his death in the 1980s .
Each subcamp was named after one of the Frisian Islands : Lager Norderney at Saye , Lager Borkum at Platte Saline , Lager Sylt near the old telegraph tower at La Foulère and Lager Helgoland , in the northwest corner of the island .
Lager Borkum was near the center of Alderney and was the smallest of the four camps .
After World War II , a court-martial case was prepared against ex-SS Hauptsturmführer Max List ( the former commandant of Lagers Norderney and Sylt ) , citing atrocities on Alderney .
Coordinates : 49 ° 42 ′ 54 ″ N 2 ° 11 ′ 10 ″ W \/ 49.715 ° N 2.18611 ° W \/ 49.715 ; -2.18611 Lager Borkum was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney , in the Channel Islands , named after the East Frisian Island of Borkum .
Schools and businesses may also have a tornado drill .
In the United States , most states in the Midwest and South have a statewide tornado drill in late winter or early spring to get ready for the severe weather season .
During these drills , the National Weather Service gives out test tornado warnings , and local Emergency Alert Systems and\/or NOAA Weather Radio ( normally as a weekly or monthly test ) are sounded , along with outdoor warning sirens .
In some places , schools have to have tornado drills , but usually not as often as fire drills .
However , Del Toro has stated that the faun in the movie is not Pan .
It was released in the United Kingdom on November 24 , 2006 .
In the United States and Canada , the movie was given a limited release on December 29 , 2006 , with a nationwide release on January 19 , 2007 .
The movie was first shown at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival .
The original Spanish title refers to the mythological fauns of Greek mythology , while the English title refers specifically to the faun-like Greek god Pan ( intended to help English-speakers differentiate the title from the term fawn ) .
Pan 's Labyrinth has won numerous international awards , including three Academy Awards , the Ariel Award for Best Picture , and the 2007 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , Long Form .
Meanwhile , her stepfather , the Falangist Captain Vidal , hunts the Spanish Maquis , guerrillas who continued fighting the Franco regime in the region , as her pregnant mother grows ill .
Pan 's Labyrinth ( Spanish : El laberinto del fauno , literally The Labyrinth of the Faun ) is an Academy Award-winning Spanish language fantasy movie written and directed by Mexican movie-maker Guillermo del Toro .
The alternate setting is a secret `` fantasy world '' that Ofelia enters through an overgrown labyrinth garden , where she meets all manner of strange and magical creatures who become central to her story .
The director of this movie , Del Toro said that he thinks the story to be a fable , influenced by fairy tales , and that it focuses on and continues themes related to his earlier movie The Devil 's Backbone , a spiritual sequel , though not an actual sequel .
Small parts of the province , namely the islands of Quemoy and Matsu , are under the administration of the Republic of China .
Some of the small islands in the strait are also part of the province .
Most of Fujian is administered by the People 's Republic of China .
However some Fujian areas like Kinmen and Matsu are under the control of the Republic of China .
Other places on Maui popular with visitors include : Golf courses on Maui include :
It is used to make other selenium compounds .
Jason Francesco Schwartzman ( born June 26 , 1980 ) is an American actor and musician .
He was a member of the rock band Phantom Planet .
Ko Young-min ( born February 8 , 1984 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a professional baseball player of the South Korean baseball club Doosan Bears .
Researchers have not agreed on an exact definition .
Neighbourhoods are administered by the Mukhtar and the `` Neighbourhood Seniors Council '' .
Ethnic neighborhoods were important in many old cities .
For example , in the T'ang period Chinese capital city Chang ` an , neighborhoods were districts .
It has an official status but no governmental powers .
Historical documents give information about neighborhood life in many historical preindustrial or nonwestern cities .
Mukhtar also has a seat at the City Assembly .
Government statistics for local areas are often called neighborhood statistics even though the data is usually broken down into districts and wards .
Most ancient and historical cities also had administrative districts .
It is often used by local boroughs for sub-divisions of their area for the delivery of certain services and functions .
The term is commonly used to refer to organizations which deal with such a very local issues , such as neighborhood policing or Neighbourhood watches .
In the mainland of the People 's Republic of China , the term is usually used for the urban administrative division .
Neighbourhood ( Turkish : Mahalle ) in Turkey is an administrative unit within municipalities .
In most urban areas of China , neighborhood , community , residential community , residential unit , residential quarter have the same meaning .
They are local social groups larger than households that are not under the control of city or state officials .
Neighbourhoods usually have 2,000 to 10,000 families .
Within neighborhoods , families are grouped into smaller groups of 100 to 600 families .
Neighbourhood administrators get a salary from the Central Government .
In some early urban traditions , basic municipal functions such as protection , marriages , cleaning and repairs are done by neighborhoods .
A neighborhood or neighborhood is a geographic community in a larger city , town or suburb .
Neighbourhoods are often social communities because the people that live in them commonly talk with each other .
According to urban scholar Lewis Mumford , Neighbourhoods have always exist where humans live .
He was a professor of physics at University of Pennsylvania , SUNY at Stony Brook , University of Chicago , and head of the theoretical physics department at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory .
On June 16 , 1977 , he was killed in a car accident near Kewanee , Illinois .
Before finishing high school , he entered the department of Chemical Engineering at Seoul National University .
Benjamin Whiso Lee ( Korean : 이휘소 , Lee Whi-so ) ( January 1 , 1935 - June 16 , 1977 ) or Ben Lee , was a Korean-American theoretical physicist .
Lee studied symmetry principles and weak interactions .
Lee received a master degree from the University of Pittsburgh , and his Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania at the age of 25 .
They are , with their largest exemplars : and the small classes : Objects were sometimes assigned a combined type such as e.g. CG when their properties were a combination of those typical for several types .
The two most widely used classifications are described below : The most widely used taxonomy for over a decade has been that of David J. Tholen , first proposed in 1984 .
A few Near-Earth objects have spectra which differ strongly from any of the SMASS classes .
The majority of bodies fall again into the three broad C , S , and X categories , with a few unusual bodies categorized into several smaller types : A significant number of small asteroids were found to fall in the Q , R , and V types , which were represented by only a single body in the Tholen scheme .
This classification was developed from broad band spectra ( between 0.31 μm and 1.06 μm ) obtained during the Eight-Color Asteroid Survey ( ECAS ) in the 1980s , in combination with albedo measurements ( 4 ) .
This survey produced spectra of a far higher resolution than ECAS , and was able to resolve a variety of narrow spectral features .
This scheme includes 14 types with the majority of asteroids falling into one of three broad categories , and several smaller types .
For small bodies which are not internally differentiated , the surface and internal compositions are presumably similar , while large bodies such as 1 Ceres and 4 Vesta are known to have internal structure .
In this Bus and Binzel SMASS scheme only a single type was assigned to any particular asteroid .
A list of types can be found at asteroid spectral classes .
The present-day classification was initiated by Clark R. Chapman , David Morrison , and Ben Zellner in 1975 ( 1 ) with three categories : C for dark carbonaceous objects , S for stony ( silicaceous ) objects , and U for those which did not fit into either C or S. This classification has since been expanded and clarified .
The original formulation was based on 978 asteroids .
However , a somewhat smaller range of wavelengths ( 0.44 μm to 0.92 μm ) was observed .
This is a more recent taxonomy introduced by Schelte J. Bus and Richard P. Binzel in 2002 , based on the Small Main-Belt Asteroid Spectroscopic Survey ( SMASS ) of 1447 asteroids ( 5 ) .
While attempting to keep to the Tholen taxonomy as much as possible given the differing data , asteroids were sorted into the 24 types given below .
This is presumably because these bodies are much smaller than those detected in the Main Belt , and as such may have younger less-altered surfaces or be composed of a less varied mix of minerals .
These types are thought to correspond to an asteroid 's surface composition .
This is due to the use of different criteria for each approach .
Asteroids are assigned a type based on spectral shape , color , and sometimes albedo .
Also , albedos were not considered .
A number of classification schemes are currently in existence ( 2 ) ( 3 ) , and while they strive to retain some mutual consistency , quite a few asteroids are sorted into different classes depending on the particular scheme .
Though the word Jell-O is a name brand , it is commonly used in the United States as a generic name for all gelatin products .
including fruit gels , puddings and no-bake cream pies .
Jell-O must be put in a refrigerator until it is served , and usually eaten with a spoon .
Jell-O is sold as all prepared ( ready to eat ) or in powder form , and it is has many different colors and flavors .
There are also pudding and pie under the Jell-O brand .
The powder has powdered gelatin , sugar , and artificial sweeteners .
a. 1 of the official rules of Major League Baseball defines an at bat as : `` Number of times batted , except that no time at bat shall be charged when a player : ( 1 ) hits a sacrifice bunt or sacrifice fly ; ( 2 ) is awarded first base on four called balls ; ( 3 ) is hit by a pitched ball ; or ( 4 ) is awarded first base because of interference or obstruction ... '' An at bat is counted when :
These statistics include batting average , on base percentage , and slugging percentage .
In baseball , an at bat ( AB ) or time at bat is used for certain statistics .
A batter starts with an at bat every time he faces a pitcher ; however , the batter gets `` no time at bat '' in the following cases : Section 10.02 .
The 1960-61 NHL season was the 44th season of the National Hockey League .
It was Chicago 's first Cup win since 1938 , not winning another until 2010 .
For the first time since 1950 , two American based teams competed for the Stanley Cup and it was the Chicago Black Hawks beating the Detroit Red Wings four games to two .
Xia dynasty ( Chinese : 夏朝 ; Pinyin : xià cháo ; Wade-Giles : Hsia-ch ` ao ) is the first dynasty of China .
By mid-2006 , there were approximately six million E85-compatible vehicles on U.S. roads .
There are no fuel costs or emissions during operation of the power stations .
In developing countries , three World Bank projects for integrated solar thermal\/combined-cycle gas-turbine power plants in Egypt , Mexico , and Morocco have been approved .
In the United States , 5,600 MW of solar thermal power projects have been announced .
Brazil has one of the largest renewable energy programs in the world , involving production of ethanol fuel from sugar cane , and ethanol now provides 18 percent of the country 's automotive fuel .
Many of these plants are integrated with agriculture and some use innovative tracking systems that follow the sun 's daily path across the sky to generate more electricity than conventional fixed-mounted systems .
Ford , DaimlerChrysler , and General Motors Corporation are among the automobile companies that sell `` flexible-fuel '' cars , trucks , and minivans that can use gasoline and ethanol blends ranging from pure gasoline up to 85 % ethanol ( E85 ) .
These are some of the largest wind farms in the world , as of January 2010 : Solar photovoltaic cells convert sunlight into electricity and many solar photovoltaic power stations have been built , mainly in Europe .
New renewable energy sources ( small hydro , modern biomass , wind , solar , geothermal , and biofuels ) accounted for another 2.7 % and are growing very rapidly .
Most cars on the road today in the U.S. can run on blends of up to 10 % ethanol , and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends .
In 2008 , about 19 % of global final energy consumption came from renewables , with 13 % coming from traditional biomass , which is mainly used for heating , and 3.2 % from hydroelectricity .
As of December 2010 , the largest photovoltaic ( PV ) power plants in the world are the Sarnia Photovoltaic Power Plant ( Canada , 97 MW ) , Montalto di Castro Photovoltaic Power Station ( Italy , 84.2 MW ) , Finsterwalde Solar Park ( Germany , 80.7 MW ) , Rovigo Photovoltaic Power Plant ( Italy , 70 MW ) , Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park ( Spain , 60 MW ) , the Strasskirchen Solar Park ( Germany , 54 MW ) , and the Lieberose Photovoltaic Park ( Germany , 53 MW ) .
Renewable energy comes from renewable resources .
The 370 MW Ivanpah Solar Power Facility , located in California 's Mojave Desert , is the world 's largest solar thermal power plant project currently under construction .
Wind power accounts for approximately 19 % of electricity generation in Denmark , 11 % in Spain and Portugal , and 9 % in the Republic of Ireland .
Another way of saying that a ( non-negative ) number is a square number , is that its square root is again an integer .
Squares of odd numbers are of the form 8n + 1 , since ( 2n + 1 ) 2 = 4n ( n + 1 ) + 1 and n ( n + 1 ) is an even number .
As all odd square numbers are of the form 4n + 1 , the odd numbers of the form 4n + 3 are not square numbers .
This is also equal to the sum of the first n odd numbers as can be seen in the above pictures , where a square results from the previous one by adding an odd number of points ( shown in magenta ) .
It follows that square roots of even square numbers are even , and square roots of odd square numbers are odd .
As all even square numbers are divisible by 4 , the even numbers of the form 4n + 2 are not square numbers .
The formula follows : So for example , 52 = 25 = 1 + 3 + 5 + 7 + 9 .
The name square number comes from the name of the shape ; see below .
Squares of even numbers are even ( and in fact divisible by 4 ) , since ( 2n ) 2 = 4n2 .
Squares of odd numbers are odd , since ( 2n + 1 ) 2 = 4 ( n2 + n ) + 1 .
For example , √ 9 = 3 , so 9 is a square number .
The expression for the nth square number is n2 .
Square numbers are non-negative .
The number m is a square number if and only if one can compose a square of m equal ( lesser ) squares : A square with side length n has area n2 .
In a formula , the square of a number n is denoted n2 ( exponentiation ) , usually pronounced as `` n squared '' .
The squares ( sequence A000290 in OEIS ) smaller than 602 are : There are infinitely many square numbers , as there are infinitely many natural numbers .
A square number can end only with digits 0 , 1 , 4 , 6 , 9 , or 25 in base 10 , as follows : A square number can not be a perfect number .
1 , 4 , 9 , 16 and 25 are the first five square numbers .
All fourth powers , sixth powers , eighth powers and so on are perfect squares .
A square number , sometimes also called a perfect square , is the result of an integer multiplied by itself .
The ballet was first performed on 18 December 1892 at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg , with Tchaikovsky 's one-act opera Iolanta .
Nutcracker Suite is still played today .
Tchaikovsky took some numbers from the ballet to form the Nutcracker Suite .
In 1866 ( now called Viscount Cranborne ) , he served as Secretary of State for India under Prime Minister Lord Derby .
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyne-Cecil , 3rd Marquess of Salisbury ( 3 February 1830 - 22 August 1903 ) was a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
All have relatively large swollen bills .
The stiff-tailed ducks are part of the Oxyurinae subfamily of ducks .
Their unusual displays involve drumming noises from inflatable throat-sacs , head throwing , and erecting short crest .
Their legs are set far back , making them awkward on land , so they rarely leave the water .
Feathers are vital for survival because of this animals tendency to spend time in the water .
These are freshwater diving ducks .
All have , as their name implies , long stiff tail feathers , which are erect when the bird is at rest .
Without feathers this duck would die of hypothermia because it could n't regulate its body temperature .
Quantum mechanics provides equations based on the Hartree-Fock method and the Roothaan equations that CNDO uses to model atoms and their locations .
CNDO does not involve knowledge about chemical bonds but instead uses knowledge about quantum wavefunctions .
CNDO can be used for closed shell molecules , where the electrons are fully paired in molecular orbitals .
CNDO\/2 is the main version of CNDO .
Chemists find that CNDO gives results that match experimental data about partial atomic charges and dipole moments .
These equations are solved over and over ( iteratively ) to the point where the results do not vary significantly between two repetitions .
The Extended Huckel method was an earlier method for calculating molecular orbitals and the electronic energy .
CNDO computer software reports the Eigenvalues for calculating the highest occupied molecular orbital ( HOMO ) and lowest unoccupied molecular orbital ( LUMO ) .
CNDO\/1 and CNDO\/2 were developed from the Extended Huckel method by explicitly including the electron-electron repulsion terms .
CNDO is the short cut for Complete Neglect of Differential Overlap .
John Pople and coworkers first wrote CNDO\/2 .
The main river , which collects all the smaller rivers , is the Jiu River .
Gorj county has an area of 5,602 km ² .
On 15 August , orchestral overdubs were made to `` Golden Slumbers '' and five other songs on Abbey Road .
McCartney said , `` I remember trying to get a very strong vocal on it , because it was such a gentle theme , so I worked on the strength of the vocal on it , and ended up quite pleased with it . ''
`` Golden Slumbers '' is a song by The Beatles , part of the climactic medley on their 1969 album Abbey Road .
The song begins the progression that leads to the end of the album and is followed by `` Carry That Weight . ''
The main recording session for `` Golden Slumbers '' \/ `` Carry That Weight '' was on July 2 , 1969 .
John Lennon was not present .
Lennon did participate in this session .
Starting with the line `` Golden slumbers fill your eyes '' , the drums come in and McCartney switches to a stronger tone .
He begins the song in a soft tone , with piano , bass guitar , and string section accompaniment .
McCartney was the lead vocalist .
The two songs were recorded together as a single piece , and both were written by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon\/McCartney ) .
He was injured in a motor vehicle accident in Scotland on July 1 , 1969 , and was hospitalized there until July 6 .
Additional vocals were added in an overdub session on 30 July 1969 , the same day the first trial edit of the side two medley was created .
Grey 's Anatomy is an American television series .
It is a story about surgical doctors in Seattle Grace-Mercy West Hospital ( previously Seattle Grace Hospital ) .
The American show has mainly been filmed in Los Angeles , California and has been presented by the popular television producer ABC ( American Broadcasting Company ) .
The TV show won a Golden Globe Award in 2007 for the best dramatic TV series and it also has been awarded two nominations at the Emmy Awards for the same reason .
Pharmacology is the study of how medicine and other things have an effect on living organisms and change how they function .
The library was built to store 12,000 scrolls and to serve as a monumental tomb for Celsus .
The interior of the library and all its books were destroyed by fire in the devastating earthquake that struck the city in 262 .
The facade was completely destroyed by a later earthquake , likely in the late Byzantine period .
The building is important as one of few remaining examples of an ancient Roman-influenced library .
Celsus paid for the construction of the library with his own personal wealth .
It also shows that public libraries were built not only in Rome itself but throughout the Roman Empire .
A set of Corinthian columns stands directly above the first set , adding to the height of the building .
It was unusual to be buried within a library or even within city limits , so this was a special honor for Celsus .
The building had a single hall which faced east toward the morning sun , as Vitruvius advised , to benefit early risers .
Only the facade survived .
Celsus was Consul in 92 AD , Governor of the Roman province of Asia in 115 AD , and a rich and popular local citizen .
It was built in honor of the Roman Senator Tiberius Julius Celsus Polemaeanus .
The library of Celsus is an ancient Roman building in Ephesus , now part of Anatolia , Turkey .
It is thought there once may have been a third set of columns .
He was a native of nearby Sardis and amongst the first Greek men to become a consul in the Roman Empire .
which is both a crypt containing his sarcophagus and a sepulchral monument to him .
This type of facade with inset frames and niches for statues is like that found in ancient Greek theaters , and so is described as `` scenographic '' .
It now serves as a prime example of Roman public architecture .
Istanbul ( Turkish : İstanbul ) is a city on the European side of Turkey .
Technical Definition : 1 coulomb is the amount of electric charge carried by a current of 1 ampere flowing for 1 second .
In June 2008 , Cassini 's Visible and Infrared Mapping Spectrometer confirmed the presence of liquid ethane beyond doubt in a lake in Titan 's southern hemisphere .
Based on this data , scientists announced `` definitive evidence of lakes filled with methane on Saturn 's moon Titan '' in January 2007 .
The larger lakes are known as maria ( seas ) and the smaller ones as lacūs ( lakes ) .
The pebbles may be made of water ice and are partly rounded , which indicates fluids .
When the probe arrived in the Saturnian system in 2004 , scientists hoped that hydrocarbon lakes or oceans might be seen in reflected sunlight from the surface , but no reflections were found .
Pictures taken after the probe landed show a large flat area covered in pebbles .
This should help the science of weather forecasting .
The lakes of Titan , a moon of Saturn , are made of liquid methane .
At Titan 's south pole , an large dark area named Ontario Lacus was the first lake identified , possibly created by rain as clouds are often seen in the area .
The pictures taken by the probe as it fell showed no open areas of liquid , but showed rivers that had dried .
Scientists still believed that liquid ethane and methane would be found near Titan 's poles , where they expected to find lots of liquid .
It was at first thought that dark areas near the center of Titan could be a lake of a liquid or tar-like substance , but the probe landed on the dark area , and it is solid without any liquid .
A part of the Huygens-Cassini probe landed there .
It was possible that there were seas of liquid methane on Titan and first suggested after reading Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 information that showed Titan to have a thick atmosphere , capable of supporting lakes , but exact evidence was not found until 1995 when pictures from the Hubble telescope and other telescopes had already shown some proof of liquid methane , possibly in lakes or planet-wide oceans , similar to oceans on Earth .
On February 13 , 2008 , scientists said that Titans polar lakes contain `` hundreds of times more natural gas and other hydrocarbons than all the known natural gas on Earth . ''
Andretti Autosport is an American car racing team that races in the IZOD IndyCar Series .
He won the Long Beach Grand Prix .
This is Munch 's best-known painting , and is one of the best known images in the world .
The most common source is from the seeds of the Strychnos nux vomica tree .
Strychnine causes muscular convulsions .
It was used as a pesticide , for killing small vertebrates such as birds and rodents .
For example , common wheat is a polyploid with six sets of chromosomes , two sets coming originally from each of three different species .
So there are six sets of chromosomes in most cells , and three sets of chromosomes in the gametes .
Most organisms are normally diploid , meaning they have two sets of chromosomes - one set inherited from each parent .
Polyploidy occurs in cells and organisms when there are more than two paired ( homologous ) sets of chromosomes .
Most eukaryotes have either one set ( called haploid ) or two sets ( called diploid ) .
Some other organisms are polyploid , they have more than two sets of chromosomes .
They now run the all-stations Kodama service between Shin-Osaka and Hakata .
They were retired from the primary Nozomi service in 2010 .
Each train cost about 5 billion yen .
There are different kinds of DoS attacks : In the 1990s and early 2000s , many web companies were hit by DoS attacks .
In Oligocene Africa , they were the dominant predatory group .
They competed with the Mesonychids and the Entelodonts and ultimately outlasted them .
They share , for example , the carnassial shear , a modification of teeth that sliced meat like scissors .
The creodonts are an extinct order of mammals that lived from the Palaeocene to the Miocene epochs .
Hallucigenia is an extinct genus of animal found as fossils in the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale formation of British Columbia , Canada .
It was named in August 2003 after Eurydome in Greek mythology , who is sometimes described as the mother of the Graces by Zeus ( Jupiter ) .
It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001 , and given the designation S\/2001 J 4 .
Eurydome is about 3 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,231,000 km in 723.359 days , at an inclination of 149 ° to the ecliptic ( 147 ° to Jupiter 's equator ) , with an orbital eccentricity of 0.3770 .
Eurydome belongs to the Pasiphaë group , non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km , and with inclinations ranging between 144.5 ° and 158.3 ° .
The track is 5.419 kilometres ( 3.367 mi ) long and incorporates a total of 25 turns .
The official track layout was unveiled by Valencia councillor and transport minister , Mario Flores , on 19 July 2007 .
It was first used for the European Grand Prix on 24 August 2008 .
The deal to host the Valencia race was signed on 1 June 2007 .
The circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and International GT Open .
The circuit will host the Formula One European Grand Prix for seven years starting in 2008 The first Formula One race on the circuit was held on 24 August 2008 , with Felipe Massa winning the event , the European Grand Prix .
It is estimated that the track has a top speed of around 323 kilometres per hour ( 201 mph ) .
The circuit has been criticised by the drivers for its lack of overtaking opportunites .
Not to be confused with Circuit de Valencia The Valencia Street Circuit is a semi-permanent street circuit in Valencia Spain .
The circuit uses the roads around the city 's harbor and America 's Cup port area .
Pocahontas stopped visiting Jamestown .
He wrote '' ... at the minute of my execution , she ( Pocahontas ) hazarded the beating out of her own brains to save mine ; and not only that , but so prevailed with her father , that I was safely conducted to Jamestown . ''
In 1614 she married tobacco planter John Rolfe .
He did not meet Pocahontas .
The settlers told the Indians that Smith was dead .
Pocahontas was about ten years old when , in April 1607 , English colonist Captain John Smith arrived in Virginia .
In late 1609 , Smith returned to England .
As the settlement grew , the Indians felt their lands were threatened .
She later learned that he was alive in England .
Pocahontas became ill .
And the dead will outnumber the living ! ''
If you do not give me the Bull of Heaven , I will knock down the Gates of the Netherworld , I will smash the doorposts , and leave the doors flat down , and will let the dead go up to eat the living !
Polemic journalism was common in continental Europe , when libel laws were not as stringent .
To support study of the polemics and controversies of the 17th-19th centuries , a British research project has placed thousands of pamphlets of that era online .
When evidence is intentionally excluded to bias the result , it is sometimes termed the `` fallacy of exclusion '' .
A hasty generalization made from a single example is sometimes called the `` fallacy of the lonely fact '' or the `` proof by example fallacy '' .
In statistics , it may mean basing broad conclusions of a survey from a small sample group .
Hasty generalization is an informal fallacy of generalisation by making decisions based on too little evidence or without recognizing all of the variables .
Since the summer of 1992 she has performed nearly every year with the Skaneateles Chamber Music Festival in Skaneateles , New York .
A year later , Hahn debuted at Carnegie Hall in New York as a soloist with the Philadelphia Orchestra .
During this time she regularly coached violin with Jaime Laredo , and studied chamber music with Felix Galimir and Gary Graffman .
She began performing and touring in a crossover duo with singer-songwriter Josh Ritter in 2005 and ( early 2007 ) with singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau .
In addition to being a solo violinist , Hahn has also performed as a chamber musician .
In an interview with PBS in December 2001 , Hahn stated that of all the musical disciplines , she is most interested in musical performance ( PBS Interview ) .
Between 1995 and 2000 she spent performing and studying chamber music at the Marlboro Music Festival in Vermont , and in 1996 she served as an artist and a member of the chamber music mentoring program of The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center .
In the same segment , she also discusses her experiences emulating a lark while playing The Lark Ascending by Ralph Vaughan Williams .
In 1995 Hahn made her international debut in Germany with a performance of the Beethoven Concerto for Violin and Orchestra in D Major with Lorin Maazel and the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra .
Hahn has played with orchestras such as the London Symphony Orchestra , New York Philharmonic , Singapore Symphony Orchestra , just to name a few .
As of 1999 , Hahn has stated that she plays Bach more than any other composer and that she has played solo Bach pieces every day since she was eight ( Zaustinsky 1999 ) .
Hilary Hahn ( born November 27 , 1979 in Lexington , Virginia ) is an American Grammy Award-winning violinist .
By the age of sixteen , Hahn had completed the Curtis Institute 's university requirements , but elected to remain at the Institute for several more years to pursue additional elective courses , until her graduation in May of 1999 with a Bachelor Of Music degree .
She was born into a Lutheran family and moved to Baltimore , Maryland at the age of three and began playing the violin one month before her fourth birthday in the Suzuki Program of Baltimore 's Peabody Conservatory .
( Saint Paul 's Sunday ) In a segment on NPR entitled `` Musicians in Their Own Words '' , Hahn speaks about the surreal experience of playing the Bach Chaconne ( from the Solo Violin Partita No. 2 ) alone on the concert stage .
The concert was broadcast on radio and television throughout Europe .
She debuted with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in March of 2007 .
Hahn began taking lessons the following week and participated in a Suzuki class for about a year .
The electromagnetic force is one of the fundamental forces of nature .
After 1180 BC , the empire disintegrated into several independent `` Neo-Hittite '' city-states , some surviving until as late as the 8th century BC .
Neurologist Oliver Sacks says that chimpanzees and other animals do not have a sense of rhythm .
Saxe-Coburg ( German : Sachsen-Coburg ) was a country in today 's Bavaria , Germany .
As of 2005 , the town has a population of 2,000 .
The town is located 56 km to the northeast of Damascus , and built into the rugged mountainside , at an altitude of more than 1500 meters .
However , modern roads and transportation , as well as accessibility to Arabic-language television and print media - and for some time until recently , also state policy - have eroded that linguistic heritage .
For the Muslim inhabitants , the legacy is all the more remarkable given that they were not Arabized , unlike most other Syrians who like them were Islamized over the centuries but also adopted Arabic and shifted to an `` Arab '' ethnic identity .
The distance and geological features only aided the longevity of this linguistic oasis for over one and half thousand years .
Religiously , the population consists of both Christians and Muslims .
Ontiveros and her husband , Elías , have three sons .
Lupe Ontiveros ( September 17 , 1942 - July 26 , 2012 ) was an Mexican-American movie and television actress .
Elías and their sons live in Pico Rivera , California .
She won the National Board of Review award for Best Supporting Actress .
She was also nominated for an Independent Spirit Award .
Ontiveros was born Guadalupe Moreno in El Paso , Texas , to Mexican immigrant parents .
By June 20 , 2006 over 500 million games of Halo 2 had been played over Xbox Live .
Halo 2 has sold over 8 million copies in the US making it the best selling original Xbox game of all time .
From the day of its release until 2006 , 2 years later , Halo 2 was the most played game on Xbox Live .
Halo 2 is an award winning first-person shooter video game made by Bungie Studios and published by Microsoft for its own Xbox console .
Reflektor is the fourth album by Arcade Fire .
It was released on October 28 , 2013 .
Hairiness is regarded as a standard of physical attractiveness that genetically favors white men aesthetically , socially , and sexually .
A bear typically projects an image of rugged masculinity .
Some men regard their overweight condition as a form of self-acceptance .
Bear is a gay slang term .
These clubs may have bylaws , membership requirements , and charities the clubs support .
Some bears and `` muscle bears '' do not welcome higher-bodyfat men at their events .
In 1995 , the theater ( T. Gill Bunch Centre ) was built .
This school is in a small town called Mill Bay on Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada .
The regatta is in April for three days .
Brentwood is a very good school in British Columbia .
Brentwood has tennis courts , rugby fields , student houses , and classrooms .
Brentwood College School is a boarding school for boys and girls that helps students get ready for university .
Brentwood College has a very good rowing program .
The old school was destroyed by a fire in 1947 .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) is an international organization .
The county was made in 1911 from parts of Caldwell County , Mitchell County , and Watauga County .
Avery County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Its county seat is Newland .
It is known for growing Fraser Fir Christmas trees .
Avery County is part of the High Council of Governments .
The 1935 works were written before June 1935 .
Bernard Herrmann ( June 29 , 1911 - December 24 , 1975 ) was an American composer known for writing music for movies .
He also wrote music for many other movies , including Citizen Kane , Cape Fear and Taxi Driver .
These were written to be played over the radio because a human voice would not be able to be heard over the full volume of an orchestra .
Herrmann often worked with director Alfred Hitchcock , including Psycho , North by Northwest , The Man Who Knew Too Much , and Vertigo .
Northumberland 's patron saint , Saint Cuthbert , was a monk and later Abbot of the monastery , and his miracles and life are recorded by the Venerable Bede .
Cuthbert later became Bishop of Lindisfarne .
Monks from the community of Iona settled on the island .
In the early 700s the famous illuminated manuscript known as the Lindisfarne Gospels ( an illustrated Latin copy of the Gospels of Matthew , Mark , Luke and John ) was made , probably at Lindisfarne .
It became the base for Christian evangelising in the North of England and also sent a successful mission to Mercia .
The monastery of Lindisfarne was founded by Irish-born Saint Aidan .
This made ( late 10th century ) the earliest surviving Old English copies of the Gospels .
Fanmail was released in 1999 .
In July 2013 TLC signed a new record contract .
TLC ( an acronym for `` tender loving care '' ) consisted of Tionne `` T-Boz '' Watkins , Lisa `` Left Eye '' Lopes ( 1971-2002 ) and Rozonda `` Chilli '' Thomas .
TLC are an American girl group .
In 2002 , Lopes was killed during a car accident in Honduras .
It released four singles `` Ai n't 2 Proud 2 Beg '' , `` What About Your Friends '' , `` Hat 2 Da Back '' , and `` Baby , Baby , Baby '' .
Freedom from Fear is a painting of Norman Rockwell and is one of his series of four paintings called the Four Freedoms .
This painting was made public in The Saturday Evening Post of March 13 , 1943 , along with an essay of Stephen Vincent Benét .
At the University of Alabama , the Paul W. Bryant Museum , Paul W. Bryant Drive and Bryant-Denny Stadium are all named in his honor .
He was best known as the head coach of the University of Alabama football team .
Before he worked at Alabama , Bryant was head football coach at University of Maryland , the University of Kentucky , and Texas A&M University .
Paul William `` Bear '' Bryant ( September 11 , 1913 - January 26 , 1983 ) was an American college football coach .
During his twenty-five years as Alabama 's head coach , his teams won six national championships and thirteen conference championships .
When he retired in 1982 he held the record for most wins as head coach in college football history .
Indonesia has never been in the Winter Olympic Games .
The National Olympic Committee for Indonesia was formed in 1946 and recognized in 1952 .
They have been in every Summer Olympic Games since then , except for 1964 and 1980 .
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ( COPD ) , also known as chronic obstructive lung disease ( COLD ) , and chronic obstructive airway disease ( COAD ) , is a collection of diseases which make breathing gradually more difficult .
3 % of all disability is related to COPD .
Early therocephalian fossils discovered in Middle Permian deposits of South Africa support a Gondwanan origin for the group , which seems to have spread quickly throughout the world .
The fossils of therocephalians are numerous in the Karoo of South Africa , but have also been found in Russia , China , and Antarctica .
In fact Therocephalia is the group most closely related to the cynodonts , which gave rise to the mammals .
Like other non-mammalian therapsids , therocephalians are sometimes described as mammal-like reptiles .
Although almost every therocephalian lineage ended during the great Permian-Triassic extinction event , a few representatives of the subgroup ( called Eutherocephalia ) survived into the early Triassic and continued to diversify .
The therocephalians are named after their large skulls , which , along with the structure of their teeth , suggest that they were successful carnivores .
However , the last therocephalians became extinct by the early middle Triassic .
Rebecca Renee Black was born on June 21 , 1997 , in Irvine , California .
She joined the school 's musical theater program , which she felt being involved in was `` meant to be , '' and that she became part of another family .
She is the daughter of John Jeffery Black and Georgina Marquez Kelly , who are veterinarians .
Her parents divorced in 2003 when Black was in first grade .
In April 2011 , She dropped out in favor of homeschooling because she needed to focus on her career and she wanted to avoid insults from her former classmates .
She was also failing English class because of her busy schedule .
Her mother is of half Mexican ancestry , and her father is from Iowa , is of Italian , English , and Polish ancestry .
Rebecca Black ( born June 21 , 1997 ) is an American pop singer who gained fame for her 2011 single , Friday .
After the video was uploaded in Youtube on February 10 , 2011 and its temporary removal on June 16 , 2011 , the music video received around 167 million views .
She has a brother named Chase ( born August 25 , 1999 ) .
Black originally attended private school from kindergarten to 6th grade .
Black re-uploaded it to her own YouTube channel on September 2011 .
These included Carol Channing , Elvis Presley , John Wayne , Jimmy Stewart , Steve Irwin and Christopher Lloyd 's character in Taxi , Jim Ignatowski .
Stiles had first met Colin Mochrie years before while performing stand-up .
In 1995 , Stiles was asked by American comic Drew Carey to be a regular on his comedy The Drew Carey Show .
Stiles received a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program in 2002 for his work on the show .
and the role of Lewis Kiniski on The Drew Carey Show .
He played Herb Melnick on the CBS comedy Two and a Half Men and was a performer on the show Drew Carey 's Improv-A-Ganza .
He first appeared in the fifth episode of the second season , which aired in late 1988 .
Stiles ' first line in the first episode of the show , `` And that 's why the French do n't wash , '' is a line he had used in an episode of the British version of Whose Line ?
Ryan Lee Stiles ( born April 22 , 1959 ) is an American actor , comedian , director , and voice actor whose work is often paired with improvisational comedy .
He appeared in one other episode of that season , before returning for four episodes of the third season .
His prominence increased with each season , including appearances in every episode of Season 4 which was filmed in New York ; ultimately appearing in every episode from the seventh season onwards .
Stiles and Colin Mochrie were the only two actors to appear in every episode of the US version , though Wayne Brady also became a regular near the beginning of the second season .
In return , Mochrie often made jokes about Stiles 's height , nose , attractiveness , and tendency to wear exotic , flamboyant shoes , which were designed by George Esquivel .
, appearing in 76 of the series 136 episodes ( including compilations ) .
They first performed together in Vancouver TheaterSports then in Second City , Toronto .
However , he would sometimes stand up to or make jokes at the other performers ( including Drew Carey ) who made fun of Mochrie 's baldness or Mochrie in general , mostly during Scenes From A Hat .
Stiles was known for several recurring impressions he performed on the shows , performed both at his own decision and as an assignment in games .
Stiles was a regular guest on the show until 1998 , and the show 's short production season allowed him to make numerous television and motion picture appearances in the United States .
Other than in early UK playings , Stiles was always the last performer to sing in Hoedown and other similar musical games , allowing him more time to devise lyrics , and giving him the final punch-lines , as well as injecting ( usually not-so subtle ) jabs at the Hoedown itself , or of the host for having him perform in it .
The series was produced until 2006 .
Following the final season of the British version in 1998 , the American version premiered , with both Stiles and Carey as executive producers .
Stiles was the most iconic performer on the original UK version of Whose Line ?
Though other performers did so , he was the most common performer to make bald jokes at Mochrie .
He is best known for his improv and co-production work on the American and British versions of Whose Line Is It Anyway ?
He made clear his dislike of the musical segments of the show at every opportunity whenever he was chosen to perform in them , mostly because of his inability to form lyrics quickly .
Stiles played Drew 's smart but under best friend , Lewis Kiniski .
In particular , he disliked the games Hoedown and Irish Drinking Song , often reacting negatively ( or sarcastically positively ) to its being announced .
In 1998 , Carey successfully got ABC to get an American version of Whose Line ?
There were a number of games which paired Mochrie and Stiles at every playing .
By 1989 , the producers of the comedy show , Whose Line Is It Anyway ?
Stiles was born in Seattle , Washington , the youngest of five children .
It was frequently used as the seat of the king , and was capital of Norway until 1217 .
The rural municipalities of Byneset , Leinstrand , Strinda and Tiller were joined into Trondheim on January 1 , 1964 .
The 1651 fire destroyed 90 % of the buildings in Trondheim , and the 1681 fire led to a total reconstruction of the city .
The city of Trondheim became a municipality January 1 , 1838 .
In physics , the weber ( symbol : Wb ; \/ ˈveɪbər \/ , \/ ˈwɛbər \/ , or \/ ˈwiːbər \/ ) is the SI unit of magnetic flux .
The weber may be defined in terms of Faraday 's law , which relates a changing magnetic flux through a loop to the electric field around the loop .
A change in flux of one weber per second will induce an electromotive force of one volt ( produce an electric potential difference of one volt across two open-circuited terminals ) .
The weber is named for the German physicist Wilhelm Eduard Weber ( 1804-1891 ) .
A flux density of one Wb\/m2 ( one weber per square meter ) is one tesla .
Many times , the weber is expressed in terms of other derived units as the Tesla-square meter ( T · m2 ) , volt-seconds ( V · s ) , or joules per ampere ( J\/A ) .
$ 38,532,010 was made overseas .
It was distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Of this , $ 59,735,548 was from the US & Canadian box office .
The story follows a special forces team , led by ` Dutch ' ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) .
The movie stars Arnold Schwarzenegger , Carl Weathers , Jesse Ventura , and Kevin Peter Hall .
Predator was # 1 at the US box office in its opening weekend with a gross of $ 12 million .
Two sequels , Predator 2 ( 1990 ) and Predators ( 2010 ) were made .
It was released in the United States on June 12 , 1987 .
The movie cost about $ 15 million to make .
The group does not know that they are being hunted by a technologically advanced alien , the Predator .
In is also found in the states of northern Mexico , like Baja California , Baja California Sur , Sonora , Sinaloa , Chihuahua , Durango , Jalisco , Coahuila , Zacatecas , Aguas Calientes , Guanajuato , Michoacán , Querétaro , México , Puebla , Nuevo León , Tamaulipas , and San Luis Potosí .
It eats mainly fruit , seeds and insects , but also eats some reptiles like snakes and lizards , small mammals , spiders , scorpions , centipedes , millipedes , small birds and bird eggs .
It has a long , thick bill , a long dark tail , it has a dark head , and the front of its neck and belly is blue .
The Greater Roadrunner is about 52-62 cm ( 20-24 in ) long , the wingspan is about 43-61 cm ( 17-24 in ) long , and weighs about 221-538 grams .
In Mexico some people believe that the roadrunner brings babies , while some people in Europe believe that the White Stork does this .
The Greater Roadrunner makes its nests of sticks in a cactus or on a bush , and lays 3-6 eggs which take about 20 days to hatch .
Some Indian Tribes , like the Hopi , believed that the roadrunner protected people from evil spirits .
It has zygodactyl feet , meaning that on each foot there is two toes on the front and two on the back .
It is about 25-30 cm tall , and is the largest North American Cuckoo .
The Greater Roadrunner kills its prey by hitting the prey 's neck with its beak or by holding its prey in its beak and hitting the prey on a rock .
The Greater Roadrunner is also called the `` Ground Cuckoo '' and the `` Snake Killer '' .
Blixen wrote works both in Danish and in English .
She is best known , at least in English , for Out of Africa , her account of living in Kenya , and one of her stories , Babette 's Feast , both of which have been adapted into highly acclaimed , Academy Award-winning motion pictures .
Karen von Blixen-Finecke ( 17 April 1885 - 7 September 1962 ) , née Karen Christenze Dinesen , was a Danish author also known under her pen name Isak Dinesen .
she does what no Hollywood star ever does except in desperation .
In 1963 , that kind of box office appeal was all she had left . ''
She does a nudie .
Mansfield was voted one of the Top 10 Box Office Attractions by theater owners that year .
Movie critic Roger Ebert wrote about Mansfield , `` Finally in Promises !
It was the first Hollywood sound movie to feature a major star-Jayne Mansfield-in the nude .
They change partners when going to their rooms .
Her husband Jeff ( Tommy Noonan ) is too stressed out with work to make love to her .
They take a cruise , and meet another couple ( Marie McDonald and Mickey Hargitay ) .
Both the original movie and an edited version had box office success in places where it was not banned .
Mansfield was seen only topless in the movie , but the book Hollywood Babylon shows her on the set completely nude .
They wonder whether the fathers are their own or the other 's husband .
For some , the nude scenes were the movie 's main attraction .
Morphos range in wingspan from the 7.5 cm ( 3 inch ) M. rhodopteron to the imposing 20 cm ( 8 inch ) Sunset Morpho , M. hecuba .
The entire life cycle of the Morpho butterfly , from egg to death , is approximately 115 days .
The bulbous chrysalis is pale-green or jade-green and emits a repulsive , ultrasonic sound when touched .
It is suspended from a stem or leaf of the foodplant .
The strong odour is a defense against predators .
The caterpillar will molt five times before entering the pupal stage .
The blue Morpho species have sexual dimorphism .
Morphos are Neotropical butterflies found mostly in South America , Mexico and Central America .
Their hairs are irritating , and when disturbed they secrete a noxious fluid which smells like rancid butter .
A Morpho is a butterfly in one of over 29 species and 147 subspecies in the genus Morpho .
They are are an example of iridescence : light reflects through the microscopic scales covering the Morpho 's wings .
That is where Bayes ' theorem comes in .
In probability theory and applications , Bayes ' theorem shows the relation between a conditional probability and its reverse form .
Tyra Banks , Kelly Cutrone , Bryanboy , and Rob Evans returned as judges on the show .
It is the fourteenth season to be shown on The CW .
It is the first season of America 's Next Top Model to include more than fourteen contestants .
Male contestants has happened previously in Spain 's Supermodelo 2008 and Bosnia and Herzegovina 's OBN Star Model .
Like in the previous cycle , the public votes on contestants .
America 's Next Top Model , Cycle 20 ( also known as America 's Next Top Model : Guys & Girls ) is the twentieth season of America 's Next Top Model .
The solvents are grouped into non-polar , polar aprotic , and polar protic solvents and ordered by increasing polarity .
The polarity is given as the Dielectric constant .
Many others can damage internal organs like the liver , the kidneys , or the brain .
Some solvents including chloroform and benzene ( an ingredient of gasoline ) are carcinogenic .
The use of inorganic solvents is typically limited to research chemistry and some technological processes .
Common uses for organic solvents are in dry cleaning ( e.g. tetrachloroethylene ) , as paint thinners ( e.g. toluene , turpentine ) , as nail polish removers and glue solvents ( acetone , methyl acetate , ethyl acetate ) , in spot removers ( e.g. hexane , petrol ether ) , in detergents ( citrus terpenes ) , in perfumes ( ethanol ) , and in chemical syntheses .
Before that , they were called Sarts .
Tajiks ( Persian : تاجيک Tājīk ) are a Persian-speaking people who are mostly found in what is now Tajikistan , including in parts of Afghanistan and Uzbekistan .
The name Tajik refers to the traditionally sedentary people who speak a form of Persian language called Tajiki in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , and who speak today 's Dari language in Afghanistan .
Dodder flowers range in color from white to pink to yellow to cream .
The original root of the dodder in the soil then dies .
The dodder can grow and attach itself to multiple plants .
If a plant is not reached within 5 to 10 days of germination , the dodder seedling will die .
Dodder seeds sprout at or near the surface of the soil .
Dodder is parasitic on a very wide variety of plants , including a number of agricultural and horticultural crop species , such as alfalfa , flax , clover , potatoes , chrysanthemum , dahlia , trumpet vine , ivy and petunias , among others .
From mid-summer to early autumn , the vines can produce small fruit that take the same color as the vine , and are about the size of a common pea .
After a dodder attaches itself to a plant , it wraps itself around it .
Some flower in the early summer , others later , depending on the species .
They have a hard coating , and can survive in the soil for 5-10 years or more .
It has very low levels of chlorophyll ; some species , such as Cuscuta reflexa , can photosynthesize slightly .
Before a host plant is reached , the dodder , as other plants , relies on food reserves in the embryo ; the cotyledons are very small .
If the host contains food useful to dodder , the dodder produces ` haustoria ' that insert themselves into the host .
In tropical areas it can grow continuously , and may reach high into the canopy of shrubs and trees .
The genus is rare in cool temperate climates , with only four species native to northern Europe .
The Dodder , Cuscuta , is a genus of about 100-170 species of parasitic flowering plants .
Both finals are held on Sunday of the following week .
The women 's main draw usually starts on Wednesday and the men 's main draw starts on Monday .
The tournament is played on hard courts and is the best attended tennis tournament outside the four Grand Slam tournaments , with over 300,000 visitors during the event .
The event is part of the ATP Masters Series on the men 's tour and is a Premier Mandatory event on the women 's tour .
It has the second largest stadium in the world .
Both singles main draws include 96 players .
he Indian Wells Masters is an annual tennis tournament held in the small city of Indian Wells , California .
The event , held in March , is one of two tour events ( beside Miami Masters ) in which main draw play extends beyond 8 days .
It was part of French West Africa from 1904 to 1958 .
On 11 December 1958 , the French Fifth Republic was started .
In 1947 , Dahomey became part of the French Union and had more freedom .
The colony became the self-governing Republic of Dahomey .
Two years later on 1 August 1960 the country had full independence .
Lorre played the role of Joel Cairo in the movie The Maltese Falcon ( 1941 ) and played the role of `` Ugarte '' in the movie Casablanca ( 1942 ) .
Peter Lorre ( born was Ladislav ( László ) Löwenstein , June 26 , 1904 - March 23 , 1964 ) was a Hungarian-American actor .
35 ° 11 ′ N 21 ° 25 ′ E \/ 35.18 ° N 21.41 ° E \/ 35.18 ; 21.41 It is about 190 km ( ~ 120 miles ) west of the island of Crete .
Certain methane oxidizers and haloarchaea are found only in the halocline .
Its surface begins at about 3,500 m ( 11,500 ft ) below sea level .
This halocline between the seawater above and the brine below has many bacterial and archaeal cells : they are chemoautotrophs , which feed on ammonia from the brine but can not function without some oxygen .
The L'Atalante basin is a very salty ` lake ' at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea .
The Albert 's Lyrebird ( Menura alberti ) is a pheasant-sized songbird , about 90 cm long , with brown upper body feathers and rich chestnut below .
Albert 's Lyrebirds are only found in a small area of rainforest in the Lamington National Park near the border of Queensland and New South Wales .
It is named for Lake Corangamite .
The Division of Corangamite is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria .
It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901 .
George Herbert Walker Bush ( born June 12 , 1928 ) is an American politician who served as the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 .
Since Bush has the same first and last names as his son , he is often called George H. W. Bush or George Bush Sr. ( George Bush senior ) .
Before he became president , he was the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 , an ambassador , a congressman , and Director of Central Intelligence .
Bush was born on June 12 , 1924 in Milton , Massachusetts .
His father was politician Prescott Bush .
His sons are 43rd President of the United States George W. Bush and former Governor of Florida Jeb Bush .
He studied at Yale University .
Before he became President , Bush had promised that he would not raise taxes ( he said `` Read my lips : no new taxes ! '' )
He is the most recent president that was a veteran during World War II .
Both of his sons also became infected , the eldest , Louis , Duke of Brittany , the latest in a series of Dauphins , succumbed to it on 8 March .
This match had been decided as part of the Treaty of Turin , which ended Franco-Savoyard conflicts during the Nine Years ' War .
At the age of 15 , he married his second cousin , Marie Adélaïde of Savoy , the daughter of Victor Amadeus II , Duke of Savoy and Anne Marie d'Orléans .
Louis de France was born in the Palace of Versailles , the eldest son of Louis , le Grand Dauphin , and his wife Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria .
The only one to survive was the two-year old Duke of Anjou , the future King Louis XV of France .
The marriage took place on 7 December 1697 at the Palace of Versailles .
Louis became Dauphin of France upon the death of his father in 1711 .
The Duke of Burgundy , who dearly loved his wife and who had stayed by her side throughout the fatal illness , contracted the disease and died on 18 February , six days after her at the Château de Marly .
In February 1712 , his wife contracted measles and died on the 12th of that month .
Louis of France ( 16 August 1682 - 18 February 1712 ) was the eldest son of Louis , Dauphin of France , known as le Grand Dauphin and , as such , was known as le Petit Dauphin .
At birth , he received the title of Duke of Burgundy .
Louis grew up with his younger brothers ; Philippe , Duke of Anjou and Charles , Duke of Berry .
He became Dauphin of France upon his father 's death in 1711 .
During the 2012 NFL Draft , Tannehill was picked 8th by the Miami Dolphins .
Ryan Timothy Tannehill is an American quarterback who plays for the NFL 's Miami Dolphins .
In 2006 , Hill became president of the British Racing Drivers ' Club , succeeding Jackie Stewart .
Damon Graham Devereux Hill OBE ( born 17 September 1960 ) is a British retired racing driver .
The two had a series of controversial clashes on and off the track , including the collision at the 1994 Australian Grand Prix that gave Schumacher his first title by a single point .
As the son of double Formula One world champion Graham Hill , he is the only son of a world champion to win the title .
During the mid 1990s , Hill was Michael Schumacher 's main rival for the Formula One Driver 's Championship , finishing runner-up in the German 's 1994 and 1995 title seasons .
He took the first of his 22 victories at the 1993 Hungarian Grand Prix for the Williams team the following year .
In 1994 , he won the British Grand Prix , a race his father had never won in his long and successful career .
The New York Public Library Jerome Robbins Dance Collection holds the nearly complete manuscript to the English edition and materials related to the French edition .
Fuller combined her choreography with silk costumes illuminated by multi-coloured lighting of her own design .
A regular performer at the Folies Bergère with works such as Fire Dance , Fuller became the embodiment of the Art Nouveau movement .
She drafted her memoires again in English a few years later , which were published under the title `` Fifteen Years of a Dancer 's Life '' by Herbert Jenkins ( London ) in 1913 .
Her warm reception in Paris during a European tour persuaded Fuller to remain in France .
Although Fuller became famous in America through works such as Serpentine Dance ( 1891 ) , she felt that she was not taken seriously by the public .
Fuller 's autobiographical memoire `` Quinze ans de ma vie '' was written in French and published by in 1908 with an introduction by Anatole France .
Fuller developed her own natural movement and improvisation techniques .
She began her theatrical career as a professional child actress and later choreographed and performed dances in burlesque ( as a skirt dancer ) , vaudeville , and circus shows .
An 1896 film of the Serpentine Dance gives a hint of what her performance was like ( the unknown dancer in the film is not Fuller ) .
Loie ( or Loïe ) Fuller ( January 15 , 1862 - January 1 , 1928 ) was a pioneer of modern dance .
Pope Pius XII stated in his encyclical Humani Generis published in the 1950s : Pope John Paul II updated this position in 1996 .
They connect the left and right epididymis to the ejaculatory ducts in order to move sperm .
The vas deferens is also called the ductus deferens , ( Latin : `` carrying-away vessel '' ) .
Ethno-nationalists were against the unity and amalgamation of the federating units ( the many princely states and provinces of the western wing ) as West Pakistan .
West Pakistan formed a single and united political entity but with marked linguistic and ethnic distinctions .
The One Unit policy was regarded as an administrative reform that would reduce expenditure and help eliminate ethnic and parochial prejudices .
The province was composed of twelve divisions and the provincial capital was established at Lahore .
However , with the military coup of 1958 , trouble loomed for the province when the office of Chief Minister was abolished and the President took over executive powers for West Pakistan .
The province of East Pakistan , consisted of East Bengal , ( now Bangladesh ) was renamed East Pakistan with the provincial capital at Dacca .
The federal government moved the country 's capital in 1959 from Karachi to Rawalpindi ( serving as provisional capital until Islamabad was finished ) , whilst the federal legislature moved to Dacca .
The province of West Pakistan was dissolved on July 1 , 1970 by President General Agha Muhammad Yahya Khan .
The actual author of the plan is alleged to be General and later President Ayub Khan .
The One Unit policy was announced by Prime Minister Muhammad Ali Bogra on 22 November 1954 .
Sikkim ( Nepali : सिक्किम ) is a state in India .
It is next to Bhutan to the east , Nepal to the west , Tibet to the north and the Indian state of West Bengal to its south .
The Upper Palaeolithic ( Upper Paleolithic or Late Stone Age ) is the third and last part of the Palaeolithic period .
They are widely considered to be one of the most dangerous large animals in Africa .
This kind of group is called a pod , herd , dale , or bloat .
Hippos are very aggressive towards humans , whom they commonly attack whether in boats or on land with no apparent provocation .
Zambia ( 40,000 ) and Tanzania ( 20,000 - 30,000 ) have the most hippos .
The hippopotamus ( Hippopotamus amphibius ) , or hippo , ancient Greek for `` river horse '' ( Ιπποπόταμος ) , is a large mammal in Africa that usually eats plants .
They are threatened because they are losing their habitats and being poached for their meat and ivory teeth .
At dusk , they come out to graze on grass .
So , `` hippopotamus '' means `` horse of the river '' .
Hippopotamuses are herbivores .
It is often called one of the most dangerous animals in Africa .
The white rhinoceros weighs 1 1\/2 to 3 1\/2 tonnes , and the three species of elephant weigh 3 to 9 tonnes .
Some hippos have run at 30 km\/h ( 19 mph ) for short distances .
In Egyptian mythology , Tawaret , a goddess of protection in pregnancy and childbirth , had the head of a hippo .
The hippopotamus has a torso that is shaped like a barrel , a very big mouth and teeth , an almost hairless body , short legs and great size .
The hippopotamus is semi-aquatic .
Sometimes 30 hippopotamuses will live in the same place .
Jon Meade Huntsman , Jr. ( born March 26 , 1960 ) is an American businessman , diplomat and politician .
Huntsman ran on his strong record of job creation in Utah , which had the highest job creation rate in America while he was governor .
Huntsman has seven kids .
ABA is used to change a person 's behavior .
Applied behavior analysis ( ABA ) is a way to help some people change their behavior .
He studied respondent behavior .
He is often believed to be one of the founders of Applied Behavior Analysis .
For behavior to be analytic a behavior analyst has to have control over it .
Using principles that are already known makes ABA more effective .
Tom McArthur , editor of the Oxford Companion to the English Language said , `` In all the history of the language , there has never been such a powerful grassroots movement to influence it as the Plain English Campaign . ''
She was also a member of the UK 's National Consumer Council .
As an example of the language issues Maher found objectionable : in 1994 , she pointed out that Britain 's National Health Service published a definition of the term `` bed '' that used 229 words .
Her campaign began in 1971 when she founded the United Kingdom 's first community newspaper , the Tuebrook Bugle .
In 1974 , Maher went on to start The Liverpool News .
Later , she founded the Plain English Campaign at a demonstration in London in 1979 .
So he also studied chemistry , botany , astronomy , and mathematics .
He is often called the `` Father of Modern Chemistry '' .
Antoine-Laurent de Lavoisier ( 26 August 1743 - 8 May 1794 ) was a French nobleman , chemist and biologist .
Antoine de Lavoisier began studying at the Collège Mazarin in Paris in 1754 , when he was 11 years old .
Rob Reiner ( born March 6 , 1947 ) is an American actor , director , producer , and activist .
He directed films , such as This Is Spinal Tap , The Princess Bride , When Harry Met Sally and The Bucket List .
Reiner was born to a Jewish family .
A guitar was described by Dr. Michael Kasha as an instrument that had `` a long , fretted neck , flat wooden soundboard , ribs , and a flat back , most often with incurved sides '' .
The oldest known picture of a guitar-like instrument is a 3300 year old stone carving of a Hittite bard .
Most guitars have six strings , but there are also guitars with four , seven , eight , ten , or twelve strings .
There are many other different types of acoustic guitars from different parts of the world .
Guitar-like plucked string instruments have been used for many years .
The classical guitar is used for classical music .
By 1200 AD , there were two types of the four string `` guitar '' : the guitarra morisca ( Moorish guitar ) from Spain which had a rounded back , wide fingerboard and several soundholes , and the guitarra latina ( Latin guitar ) which was more like the modern guitar with one sound hole and a narrower neck .
He was the half-brother of writer Aldous Huxley and fellow biologist Julian Huxley , and grandson of biologist T H. Huxley .
He studied Natural Sciences at Trinity College , Cambridge .
He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II on 12 November 1974 , and appointed to the Order of Merit on 11 November 1983 .
Sir Andrew Fielding Huxley OM FRS ( 22 November 1917 - 30 May 2012 ) was an English physiologist and biophysicist .
Huxley was born in Hampstead , London .
Huxley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 17 March 1955 .
Huxley won the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his experimental and mathematical work with Alan Hodgkin on the basis of nerve action potentials .
Modems are classified by the amount of data they can send in a given time , normally measured in bits per second ( bit\/s , or bps ) .
Dial-up modems were the usual kind in the 20th century , and DSL modems and Cable TV modems are now more used .
Vasiľ Biľak ( 11 August 1917 - 6 February 2014 ) was a Slovak communist leader .
Biľak was , from November 1968 until December 1988 , a secretary of ÚV KSČ with important impact on the foreign policy of the party .
First , from 1955 until 1971 , he was a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Slovakia ( ÚV KSS ) .
From 1960 until 1989 , he was a part of the National Assembly , later the Federal Assembly .
He was born in Krajná Bystrá , Austria-Hungary .
Ashbourne is known for a football match where one half of the town plays the other at football , using the whole of the town with the goals three miles apart .
Ashbourne is a small town in the county of Derbyshire in England .
His maternal grandfather , Max Rubens , was an immigrant from present-day Belarus , then also part of Russia .
Michael Bloomberg was born at St. Elizabeth 's Hospital , in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston , on February 14 , 1942 .
He also served as chairman of the board of trustees at his alma mater Johns Hopkins University from 1996 to 2002 .
His mother , Charlotte Rubens Bloomberg ( January 2 , 1909 - June 19 , 2011 ) , was a native of Jersey City , New Jersey .
His father , William Henry Bloomberg ( 1906-1963 ) , was a real estate agent and the son of Alexander `` Elick '' Bloomberg , an immigrant from Russia .
Bloomberg won a second term in 2005 and left the Republican Party two years later .
He campaigned to change the city 's term limits law and was elected to his third term in 2009 as an independent candidate on the Republican ballot line .
Michael Rubens Bloomberg ( born February 14 , 1942 ) is an American business magnate , politician and philanthropist .
On January 1 , 2014 , Bill de Blasio succeeded him as Mayor of New York City .
He was oftenly mentioned as a possible candidate for the U.S. presidential elections in 2008 and 2012 , and for New York Governor in 2010 .
He defeated opponent Mark Green in a close election held just weeks after the September 11 attacks .
He declined to seek either office , instead wanting to continue serving as Mayor of New York .
Bloomberg began his career at Salomon Brothers before forming his company in 1981 and became its Chairman and CEO .
He is the founder and 88 % owner of Bloomberg L.P. .
He switched his party registration in 2001 to run for mayor as a Republican .
His family is Jewish .
He is the tenth-richest person in the United States .
He served as the 108th Mayor of New York City for three terms from 2002 to 2013 .
St. Gallen is the capital of th canton of St. Gallen .
St. Gallen is a city in the eastern part of Switzerland .
There are four circadian rhythm sleep disorders of the intrinsic type .
Cause The delayed sleep phase type of circadian rhythm sleep disorder is marked by a delay of the sleep-wake cycle as it relates to the demands of society .
In the late 1980s Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev introduced glasnost and perestroika , reforms to liberalize communism .
In September 1987 , he became the first East German head of state to visit West Germany .
About 125 East German citizens were killed during this period while trying to cross the border into West Berlin .
As the reform movement spread across Central and Eastern Europe there were demonstrations against the East German government .
Margot Honecker was the Minister for National Education in East Germany .
Honecker became a candidate member of the secretariat of the Central Committee in 1950 and full member in 1958 .
Erich Honecker ( 25 August 1912 - 29 May 1994 ) was an East German Communist politician who led the German Democratic Republic from 1971 until 1989 .
She became one of the most famous singers of the late Victorian Era and the early 20th century .
Dame Nellie Melba GBE ( 19 May 1861-23 February 1931 ) , born Helen Porter Mitchell , was an Australian opera soprano .
Melba was born in Richmond , Victoria .
The first recorded use of beige as a color name in English was in 1887 .
It then came to be used for a range of light tints of yellow chosen for their neutral or pale warm colored appearance .
In the 1920s , the meaning of the term beige expanded to the point where it is now also used for not only for pale yellows but also for a wide range of pale brown shades .
Beige is a very pale yellowish-cream color .
Today it is best known as the hymn Jerusalem , sung to music written by C. Hubert H. Parry in 1916 , more than a century after Blake had written the poem .
`` And did those feet in ancient time '' is a short poem by William Blake .
The poem connects this legend to an idea in the Book of Revelation ( 3:12 and 21:2 ) describing a Second Coming in which Jesus builds a new Jerusalem .
England ( as distinct from Britain ) does not have an official anthem and so the British National Anthem `` God Save the Queen '' is used for national occasions , for example before English international football matches or at the Last Night of the Proms .
When King George V heard it for the first time he said that he preferred `` Jerusalem '' to `` God Save the King '' , the National Anthem .
There is a legend that the young Jesus went to England with his uncle , Joseph of Arimathea , to England and visited Glastonbury .
The movie stars radio comedian Robert Benchley and many Disney staffers such as Ward Kimball , Fred Moore , Norman Ferguson , Clarence Nash , and Walt Disney , all as themselves .
The last two-thirds are in Technicolor .
The Reluctant Dragon is a 1941 American combined live action and animated movie .
There are three Technicolor cartoons : Baby Weems , Goofy 's How to Ride a Horse , and The Reluctant Dragon .
There are four short animated parts .
Types of HVDC converters : The transformer at the converter station ensures that the station is isolated from the AC system connected to the HVDC system .
A back-to-back HVDC station is a HVDC station in which both converters are located within the same building area where the length of the DC line is being kept as short as possible .
The National Assembly of the Republic of Belarus is the parliament of Belarus .
It can not be more than 80 days .
Michael Aspel then took up the role of host until the show ended in 2003 .
In the show the host surprises a special guest , before taking them through their life with the assistance of the ` big red book ' .
Both celebrities and non-celebrities have been ` victims ' of the show .
This is Your Life is a British biographical television documentary .
It was hosted by Eamonn Andrews from 1955 until 1964 .
Over its run it has changed between being broadcast on the BBC and on ITV .
It was named for Amber Hagerman , a nine-year old girl who was kidnapped and killed in Arlington , Texas .
His son , Philip II ( 1527-1598 ) moved the court to Madrid in 1561 .
Two famous gates to see are the Puerta del Sol and the Puerta de Alcalá .
In 1561 Felipe I moved the royal court from Toledo to Madrid .
Madrid is the financial center of Spain .
The Chicago Bears of the National Football League played their home games at Wrigley Field from 1921 through 1970 .
Wrigley Field is a sports stadium , the baseball park where the Chicago Cubs play in Major League Baseball .
There was also a Wrigley Field ( Los Angeles ) , built by the same people who built Wrigley Field in Chicago .
It was built in 1914 for the Chicago Whales of the Federal League .
News coverage of the race was worldwide .
In January 1925 , doctors realized that a diphtheria epidemic was likely to sweep through Nome 's young people .
More than 20 mushers took part .
The serum was transported by train from Anchorage to Nenana .
A few months later in New York City a statue of Balto was placed in Central Park .
He was of Irish descent .
Sullivan was engaged to swimmer Sybil Bauer , but she died of cancer in 1927 at the age of 23 .
He began his media work as a sportswriter for The New York Evening Graphic .
In 1996 , Ed Sullivan was # 50 on TV Guide 's `` 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time '' .
Edward Vincent `` Ed '' Sullivan ( September 28 , 1901 - October 13 , 1974 ) was an American entertainment writer and television host .
Sullivan has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6101 Hollywood Boulevard .
He was married to Sylvia Weinstein from April 28 , 1930 .
Betty married the Ed Sullivan Show 's producer , Bob Precht .
He died five weeks later , on October 13 , 1974 , at New York 's Lenox Hill Hospital .
Because the doctors did not give Sullivan a lot of time , the family chose not to tell him about it .
It was held at St. Patrick 's Cathedral , New York .
Sullivan was born in New York City , New York .
Sullivan used to call Sylvia after every program to hear what she thought about it .
They showed that Sullivan had esophageal cancer .
He was best known as the presenter of the television variety show The Ed Sullivan Show .
According to the census of 2002 , by the National Statistics Institute , San Fernando covers an area of 2,441.3 square kilometers , and has 63,732 inhabitants ( 31,157 men and 32,575 women ) .
San Fernando was founded in 1742 , and became the provincial capital in 1840 .
San Fernando is the second most populated urban center of the Region of O'Higgins .
It is located near to the Tinguiririca River , in the valley of Colchagua , San Fernando is 1,112 feet ( 339 m ) above the level of the se .
Hamnet Shakespeare ( baptised 2 February 1585 - buried 11 August 1596 ) was the only son of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway .
He died at age 11 .
Other ideas state there is a relationship between Hamnet 's death and the writing of King John , Romeo and Juliet , Julius Caesar , and Twelfth Night .
Larsen later claimed in a Kasparov.com interview ( 1998 ) that his one-sided loss to Fischer was due in part to his condition during the match : `` The organizers chose the wrong time for this match .
I was languid with the heat and Fischer was better prepared for such exceptional circumstances ... I saw chess pieces through a mist and , thus , my level of playing was not good '' .
Jørgen Bent Larsen ( 4 March 1935-9 September 2010 ) was a Danish chess Grandmaster .
Bent represented Denmark six times in Chess Olympiads , always on first board , and compiled an aggregate score of 75\/109 ( +61 = 28 − 20 ) , for 68.8 % , according to olimpbase.org .
From the early 1970s , he lived for part of the year in Las Palmas , and in Buenos Aires , with his Argentinian-born wife .
He always played a very high number of games , almost all of the rounds , and won three board medals , one gold and two bronze .
Larsen was the strongest chess player born in Denmark , and the strongest Scandinavian until the emergence of Magnus Carlsen .
Larsen won several dozen major international tournaments during his career , and was awarded the first Chess Oscar in 1967 .
Eco was born in 1932 in Northern Italy .
In most cases , the emitted light has a longer wavelength , and therefore lower energy , than the absorbed radiation .
Fluorescence has many practical applications in mineralogy , gemology , chemical sensors ( fluorescence spectroscopy ) , fluorescent labeling , dyes , biological detectors , and , most commonly , fluorescent lamps .
It is a form of luminescence .
Fluorescence is the emission of light by a substance that has absorbed light or other electromagnetic radiation .
The most striking examples of fluorescence occur when the absorbed radiation is in the ultraviolet region of the spectrum , invisible to the human eye , and the emitted light is in the visible region .
Fluorescence in the life sciences is a non-destructive way of tracking biological molecules .
In this regard , it is frequently used as a contrasting term to popular music and traditional or folk music .
The main tradition in the Western world is usually called classical music .
He explains that each of these three is distinguishable from the others according to certain criteria .
The notion of art music is a frequent and well defined term , referred to by musicologist Philip Tagg as one of an `` axiomatic triangle consisting of ` folk ' , ` art ' and ` popular ' musics '' .
It is an umbrella term for serious music with with a written musical tradition .
They are made up of 14 phalanges ( toes ) , 5 metatarsals ( sole bones ) and 7 tarsals ( ankle bones ) .
He was 19 years and 32 days old when he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world number one .
On 26 April 2004 , Carlsen became a grandmaster at the age of 13 years , 148 days .
In London , March 2013 , Carlsen won the 2013 Candidates tournament and qualified to challenge Anand for the World Chess Championship .
Then , in the year 1996 Aref Al Sheikh Abdullah Al Hassan came up with words for the song .
Slim Dusty was also :
At the time of his death at the age of 76 , Dusty was working on his 106th album for EMI Records .
Slim Dusty was Australia 's most successful and prolific musical artist .
He had more Gold and Platinum albums than any other Australian artist .
He has 37 Golden Guitar and two ARIA awards .
David Gordon `` Slim Dusty '' Kirkpatrick AO , MBE ( 13 June 1927-19 September 2003 ) was an Australian country music singer-songwriter and producer .
The song was Pub With No Beer written by Gordon Parsons .
In 2007 he sold more than seven million recordings in Australia .
The national flag of Slovenia has three equal horizontal bands of white ( top ) , blue , and red , with the Slovenian coat of arms on the upper left side of the flag centered in the white and blue bands .
The coat of arms is a shield with the image of Mount Triglav , Slovenia 's highest mountain , in white against a blue background ; below it are two blue lines that stand for the Adriatic Sea and local rivers , and above it are three six-pointed stars arranged in an triangle which are taken from the coat of arms of the Counts of Celje , an important Slovenian family .
Single Transferable Vote ( STV for short ) is a type of voting system .
The National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on the system at 5:00 am EDT ( 0900 UTC ) on July 23 .
Tropical Storm Cristobal was the third tropical storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
The storm dropped 3.43 in ( 87 mm ) of rain in Wilmington , North Carolina , where minor flooding happened .
The storm dropped 3.43 in ( 87 mm ) in Wilmington , North Carolina .
In the afternoon of July 22 , Cristobal began to weaken while to the south of Nova Scotia .
At 11 p.m. EST on July 18 ( 0300 UTC July 19 ) , it was classified as Tropical Depression Three , about 65 miles ( 105 km ) to the southeast of Charleston , South Carolina .
It reached its highest intensity as a strong tropical storm on July 21 while it passed east of Cape Hatteras , and stayed the same over the warm Gulf Stream .
A weak low pressure area formed on July 15 near Tallahassee , which moved towards the southeast into the Gulf of Mexico .
On July 14 , 2008 a weakening weather system stretched across northern Florida , causing thunderstorms .
The rain clogged storm drains , which caused light flooding .
It began on July 19 as a weather system away from the Southeast U.S. Coast .
The storm started to enter cooler waters , and the cyclone quickly moved towards the east-northeastward on July 21 and July 22 .
Cristobal stayed as a weak tropical storm during the time that it moved close to the South Carolina and North Carolina coast , and the storm never moved onto land .
At Baccaro Point on the southern tip of Nova Scotia , 224 mm ( 8.8 in ) of rain fell .
Also , the remnants helped produce rainfall on Nova Scotia , which caused some flooding on roads and in basements .
There was flooding to basements and streets in Cape Sable .
Because it was a weak storm and never moved onto land , Cristobal 's damages were mostly moderate rainfall .
The storm 's cloud pattern became weak , and on July 23 , it became an extratropical cyclone , and was no longer a tropical storm .
A sailor from Connecticut was rescued to the southeast of Halifax by a Canadian helicopter , because his ship capsized in the strong waves .
On the coast , storm surge reached 1 ft ( 0.30 m ) above normal .
`` God Save the Queen '' is the national anthem of the United Kingdom .
The tune for `` God Save the Queen '' was used in many countries as a national anthem .
It was the first time in history of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest that the contest was held in last year 's winning country .
Public Television of Armenia ARMTV was the main organizer of the show , being provided financial aid from the European Broadcasting Union made of entrance fees from the participating broadcasters , while Swedish company HD Resources assisted with the technical side of the production .
This is Georgia 's second victory in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest .
The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2011 was the ninth edition of the contest , and took place in Yerevan , Armenia at the recently renovated Karen Demirchyan Sports and Concerts Complex .
The winner was the group Candy from Georgia with the song Candy Music .
The 2002-03 NHL season was the 86th regular season of the National Hockey League .
The Stanley Cup winners were the New Jersey Devils , who won the best of seven series 4-3 against the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim .
Note : W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , OTL = Overtime Losses , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against , Pts = Points 1As of 2008 , this playoff game is the 19th longest NHL overtime game ever .
Delbrück was born in Berlin , German Empire .
He met Wolfgang Pauli and Niels Bohr , who got him interested in biology .
Max Ludwig Henning Delbrück ( September 4 , 1906 - March 9 , 1981 ) was a German-American biophysicist and Nobel laureate .
While at Caltech Delbrück became acquainted with bacteria and their viruses ( bacteriophage or ` phage ' ) .
In 1947 , Delbrück returned to Caltech as a professor of biology where he remained until 1977 .
he traveled through England , Denmark , and Switzerland .
AB III is the third studio album by American rock band Alter Bridge .
Passion there was none . '' )
In `` The Tell-Tale Heart , '' the old man represents the scientific rational mind while the narrator is the imaginative .
The story was first published in James Russell Lowell 's The Pioneer in January 1843 .
In that case , the `` vulture '' eye of the old man is symbolizing parental surveillance and possibly the paternal principles of right and wrong .
The story 's final scene , however , is a result of the narrator 's feelings of guilt .
It is speculated that the narrator is confessing to a prison warden , judge , newspaper reporter , doctor or psychiatrist .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' is one of Poe 's most famous short stories , and it is widely considered a classic of the Gothic fiction genre .
It is unclear , however , if the narrator actually has very acute senses or if he is merely imagining things .
The poem shows the struggle between imagination and science .
It was slightly revised when republished in the August 23 , 1845 edition of the Broadway Journal .
The narrator may be a servant of the old man 's or , as is more often assumed , his son .
This rationality , however , is undermined by his lack of motivation ( `` Object there was none .
The opening is an in-progress conversation between the narrator and another person who is not identified in any way .
According to superstition , death watches are a sign of impending death .
Like many characters in the Gothic tradition , his nerves dictate his true nature .
Despite this , however , he says the idea of murder , `` haunted me day and night . ''
The murder of the eye , then , is a removal of conscience .
The first word of the story , `` True !
Readers during Poe 's time would have been especially interested amidst the controversy over the insanity defense in the 1840s .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' is an 1843 short story by Edgar Allan Poe .
The eye may also represent secrecy , again playing on the ambiguous lack of detail about the man or the narrator .
One variety of death watch beetles raps its head against surfaces , presumably as part of a mating ritual , while others emit a ticking sound .
Only when the eye is finally found open on the final night , penetrating the veil of secrecy , that the murder is carried out .
In fact , that ambiguity adds to the tale as an ironic counter to the strict attention to detail in the plot .
Despite his best efforts at defending himself , the narrator 's `` over acuteness of the senses , '' which help him hear the heart beating in the floorboards , is what convinces the reader that he is truly mad .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' was first published in the Boston-based magazine The Pioneer in January 1843 , edited by James Russell Lowell .
`` The Tell-Tale Heart '' starts in medias res , in the middle of an event .
The narrator first admits hearing death watches in the wall after startling the old man from his sleep .
One of the driving forces in this opening and throughout the story is not the narrator 's insistence upon his innocence but on his sanity .
As the noise grows louder , the narrator hallucinates that it is the heartbeat of the old man coming from under the floorboards .
His denial of insanity is based on his systemic actions and precision - a rational explanation for irrational behavior ( murder ) .
If his condition is believed to be true , what he hears at the end of the story may not be the old man 's heart but death watch beetles .
Whoever it is , it sparks the narrator 's need to explain himself in great detail .
Former poet laureate Richard Wilbur has suggested that the tale is an allegorical representation of Poe 's poem `` To Science . ''
The relationship between the old man and the narrator is ambiguous , as is their names , their occupations , or where they live .
His drive to convince , however , is self-destructive because he fully admits he is guilty of murder .
It was reprinted multiple times during Poe 's lifetime .
Perhaps , that his vulture eye represents some sort of veiled secret .
Shocked by the constant beating of the heart and a feeling that the officers must be aware of the heartbeats , the narrator loses control and confesses to killing the old man and tells them to tear up the floorboards to reveal the body .
Poe was likely paid only $ 10 .
, '' is an admission of his guilt .
The murder is carefully planned , and the killer hides the old man 's body by cutting it into pieces and hiding it under the floor .
Starting in 1973 , the Wheat Kings owned and operated a farm team in the MJHL , called the Travellers .
They won 8 Turnbull Cup Championships as Manitoba Junior Champions , 1939 , 1947 , 1949 , 1950 , 1960 , 1962 , 1963 , & 1964 and appeared in the Memorial Cup five times : in 1949 ( as an MJHL team ) , 1979 , 1995 , 1996 and 2010 , losing each time .
The 1949 Brandon Wheat Kings won the Abbott Cup defeating the Calgary Buffaloes .
The team plays its home games in Westman Communications Group Place ( Keystone Centre ) .
The Brandon Wheat Kings are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Brandon , Manitoba .
The Wheat Kings hold the CHL record for most points ( 125 ) in a single season , setting the mark in 1978-79 .
An earlier incarnation of the Wheat Kings played for the Stanley Cup in 1904 , but lost to the Ottawa Senators .
The Western Hockey League announced on October 16 , 2008 , that the Wheat Kings were chosen to host the 2010 Memorial Cup championship at the Keystone Centre .
Prior to that they played in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League and were known as the Brandon Elks for a short time in the 1940s .
They went on to lose the Memorial Cup to the Montreal Royals .
They reached the final game , losing to the Windsor Spitfires .
They also played at Wheat City Arena until 1969 , and the Manex Arena from 1969 to 1972 .
The 1949 Brandon Wheat Kings were inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category .
They compete in the Western Hockey League , and joined the league in the 1967-68 season .
Note : GP = Games played , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , OTL = Overtime losses , Pts = Points , GF = Goals for , GA = Goals against
The Alaskan Malamute is a breed of domestic dog .
Since the 1970s the Gay House ( Bøssehuset ) , one of Christiania 's autonomous institutions , had been a center for gay activism , parties and theater .
In the paper , Ludvigsen wrote an article in which he and five others went on exploration into what he called ` The Forbidden City of the Military ' .
