He died in 999 .
Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis ( Gregory Makar ) ( Grégoire de Nicopolis ) brought ginger bread to Europe in 992 .
The custom was to bake white biscuits and paint them as window decorations .
German immigrants brought it to Sweden during the 13th century .
After , it was a confection made with honey and spices .
Records show that gingerbread biscuits were sold in monasteries , pharmacies and town square farmers ' markets in the 16th century .
He left Nicopolis Pompeii , in Lesser Armenia to live in Bondaroy ( France ) and stayed seven years .
Before , gingerbread ( from Latin zingiber , then Old French gingebras ) meant preserved ginger .
Swedish nuns baked gingerbread to help indigestion in the year 1444 .
With a higher humidity , the rate of evaporation is less .
On 25 January 1858 he married Princess Victoria of the United Kingdom , eldest child of Queen Victoria and Albert the Prince Consort .
The son of a photocopier technician , he trained as a butcher but became involved in graffiti during the great Bristol aerosol boom of the late 1980s '' .
The movie was released in the UK on 5 March 2010 .
In January 2011 , he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary for the movie .
Banksy 's first movie , Exit Through the Gift Shop , billed as `` the world 's first street art disaster movie , '' made its debut at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival .
According to graphic designer Tristan Manco and the book Home Sweet Home , Banksy `` was born in 1974 and raised in Bristol , England .
Banksy 's work started in the Bristol underground scene , which had collaborations between artists and musicians .
However , art auctioneers have been known to attempt to sell his street art on location and leave the problem of its removal in the hands of the winning bidder .
His satirical street art and mind-hurting pictures combine dark humor with graffiti .
Banksy displays his art on public surfaces such as walls and even going as far as to build physical prop pieces .
His style is similar to Blek le Rat , who began to work with stencils in 1981 in Paris , and to members of the anarcho-punk band Crass , which did a graffiti stencil campaign on the London Underground system in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Such works have been done on streets , walls , and bridges of cities throughout the world .
Water flowing out of bogs has a characteristic brown color , which comes from dissolved peat tannins .
In general the low fertility and cool climate results in relatively slow plant growth , but decay is even slower owing to the saturated soil .
It is one of the four main types of wetlands .
Bogs have a distinctive group of plant and animal species , and are of high importance for biodiversity , particularly in landscapes that are otherwise settled and farmed .
Bogs occur where the water at the ground surface is acidic and low in nutrients .
Large areas of landscape can be covered many meters deep in peat .
Frequently , as the illustration on the right shows , they are covered in Ericaceous shrubs rooted in the Sphagnum moss and peat .
The gradual accumulation of decayed plant material in a bog forms a carbon sink .
Other names for bogs include mire , quagmire and muskeg .
Hence peat accumulates .
A bog is a wetland that accumulates peat , a deposit of dead plant material-often mosses , in most cases , Sphagnum moss .
Creatine is used for the production of adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , which is the human body 's energy .
Creatine is a combination of three non-essential amino acids , methionine , arginine and glycine .
There are fewer Western people than in the larger centers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai .
Important buildings include United Arab Emirates University , Higher Colleges of Technology , well-equipped medical facilities , including the teaching hospital at Tawam , military training areas and Al Ain International Airport .
It is often called the ` Garden City of the Persian Gulf ' because of the many parks , tree-lined avenues and decorative roundabouts within the city .
Al Ain regularly records the highest summer temperatures in the country , but the dry desert air makes it a welcome escape from the coastal humidity of the larger cities .
The city is home to the successful association football ( soccer ) club , Al Ain FC .
Other attractions include the Al Ain Oasis in the city center , and other oases around the area , cool places to escape the summer heat , a zoo , amusement park named `` Fun City '' , many well kept parks , popular with families in the summer evenings , a heritage village , as well as malls and other modern sites .
Al Ain ( Arabic : العين ) is a city in the United Arab Emirates .
Al Ain is becoming a place that tourists visit , with attractions such as Jebel Hafeet , a 1340 metre high mountain that dominates the surrounding area .
The city is in the emirate of Abu Dhabi , right next to the border with Oman .
There are more Emirati nationals in Al Ain than other places in the country , but most who live there are people who left other countries , particularly from the Indian sub-continent .
This performance won Tallari the ` Best Newcomer ' award at the 2008 Man of Ice Awards and ensured his selection for the 2007-08 EIHL All-Star team .
Tallari moved to the Hartford Wolf Pack , the farm team for the New York Rangers .
In 2001 Tallari began his career playing for Niagara University where he was team 's senior captain .
Joe Tallari ( born October 5 , 1980 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player .
He then moved to Europe , signing with the Manchester Phoenix in the summer of 2007 to play under Tony Hand .
