He died in 999 .
Gingerbread was brought to Europe in 992 by the Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis ( Gregory Makar ) ( Grégoire de Nicopolis ) .
It was the custom to bake white biscuits and paint them as window decorations .
During the 13th century , gingerbread was brought to Sweden by German immigrants .
It then referred to a confection made with honey and spices .
The first documented trade of gingerbread biscuits dates to the 17th century , where they were sold in monasteries , pharmacies and town square farmers ' markets .
He left Nicopolis Pompeii , to live in Bondaroy ( France ) , near the town of Pithiviers .
Originally , the term gingerbread ( from Latin zingiber via Old French gingebras ) referred to preserved ginger .
Early references from the Vadstena Abbey show how the Swedish nuns were baking gingerbread to ease indigestion in 1444 .
Under conditions of high humidity , the rate of evaporation of sweat from the skin decreases .
Frederick married Princess Victoria , eldest daughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom .
The son of a photocopier technician , he trained as a butcher , but became involved in graffiti during the great Bristol aerosol boom of the late 1980s . ''
The film was released in the UK on 5 March 2010 .
In January 2011 , he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary for the film .
Banksy 's first film , Exit Through the Gift Shop , billed as `` the world 's first street art disaster movie '' , made its debut at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival .
According to author and graphic designer Tristan Manco and the book Home Sweet Home , Banksy `` was born in 1974 and raised in Bristol , England .
Banksy 's work was made up of the Bristol underground scene which involved collaborations between artists and musicians .
Banksy does not sell photographs or reproductions of his street graffiti , however , art auctioneers have been known to attempt to sell his street art on location and leave the problem of its removal in the hands of the winning bidder .
His satirical street art and subversive epigrams combine dark humor with graffiti executed in a distinctive stencilling technique .
Known for his contempt for the government in labeling graffiti as vandalism , Banksy displays his art on publicly visible surfaces such as walls , even going as far as to build physical prop pieces .
Observers have noted that his style is similar to Blek le Rat , who began to work with stencils in 1981 in Paris .
Such artistic works of political and social commentary have been featured on streets , walls , and bridges of cities throughout the world .
Water flowing out of bogs has a characteristic brown color , which comes from dissolved peat tannins .
In general the low fertility and cool climate results in relatively slow plant growth , but decay is even slower owing to the saturated soil .
It is one of the four main types of wetlands .
Bogs have distinctive assemblages of plant and animal species and are of high importance for biodiversity , particularly in landscapes that are otherwise settled and farmed .
Bogs occur where the water at the ground surface is acidic and low in nutrients .
Large areas of landscape can be covered many metres deep in peat .
They are frequently covered in ericaceous shrubs rooted in the sphagnum moss and peat .
The gradual accumulation of decayed plant material in a bog functions as a carbon sink .
Other names for bogs include mire , quagmire and muskeg ; alkaline mires are called fens .
Hence peat accumulates .
A bog is a mire that accumulates peat , a deposit of dead plant material-often mosses , and in a majority of cases , sphagnum moss .
This is achieved by increasing the formation of adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) .
Creatine is not an essential nutrient , as it is manufactured in the human body from L-arginine , glycine , and L-methionine .
There are fewer other expatriates than in the larger centers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai .
Social and governmental infrastructure includes United Arab Emirates University , Higher Colleges of Technology , Abu Dhabi University ( Al Ain campus ) , well-equipped medical facilities including the teaching hospital at Tawam , military training areas and Al Ain International Airport .
Al - ` Ain is often called the ` Garden City of The Gulf ' given the many oases , parks , tree-lined avenues and decorative roundabouts within the city .
The dry desert air makes it a welcome retreat from the coastal humidity of the larger cities .
The city is home to the successful football club , Al Ain Club .
Other attractions include the Al Ain Oasis in the city center , other oases dotted around the area - all cool retreats in the middle of the summer heat - Al Ain Zoo , an amusement park named `` Hili Fun City '' , many well-maintained parks popular with families in the summer evenings , and a heritage village .
Al Ain ( Arabic : العين , al-ʿayn , literally The Spring ) , also known as the Garden City due to its greenery , is the second largest city in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and the fourth largest city in the United Arab Emirates .
Jebel Hafeet , a 1340-metre-high mountain , dominates the surrounding area .
Al - ` Ain is located in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , inland on the border with ` Oman .
Al - ` Ain has a higher proportion of Emirati nationals than elsewhere in the country , but the majority of its residents are expatriates particularly from the Indian sub-continent .
This performance won Tallari the ` Best Newcomer ' award at the 2008 Man of Ice Awards and ensured his selection for the 2007-08 EIHL All-Star team .
Tallari moved to the Hartford Wolf Pack , the farm team for the New York Rangers .
In 2001 Tallari began his career playing for Niagara University where he was team 's senior captain .
Joe Tallari ( born October 5 , 1980 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player .
He then moved to Europe , signing with the Manchester Phoenix in the summer of 2007 to play under Tony Hand .
